Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The first runway of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
06/24 Kaagbaan is the runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
The runway length of Andrews County Airport is 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
The Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
The runway length of Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
13/31 is the runway name of Atlantic City International Airport.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The demonym of Danes is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The language spoken in Iraq is Arabic.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States bombing of Libya was in 1986.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft in the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler.
The building of 320 South Boston Building was started in 1910.
The AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architect of Adare Manor is James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The leader of Ethiopia is called Mulatu Teshome.
Indians are from India.
Julia Morgan built the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in print.
AIDS (journal) is published in the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way was written in the English language.
The author of A Wizard of Mars is Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is "0025-5858".
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is in print.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
The journal Addiction has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction journal belongs to the academic discipline of Addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics is part of the academic discipline of Mathematics.
English is the language of Castle.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
A Glastonbury Romance was a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
AFC Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens F.C.'s ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 season in the Football League (Greece).
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is located within the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Amsterdam's leader is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is a tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent–St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in the state of Alba.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
To the northwest of Kerala is Mahé, India.
The neighbouring municipality of Mendrisio is Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is an American.
Apollo 8's backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was hired by NASA in 1963.
The gemstone of California is Benitoite.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See has died.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
The BBC broadcast Bananaman.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is the alternative name for the Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
The nationality of Peter Laird is United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area codes for Albany, Georgia are 229.
Albany is part of the United States.
Mayor is the title of the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is situated at 324.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
The population density of Arlington, Texas is 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The leader of Atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
The total area of Auburn, Washington is 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
The largest city in Michigan is Detroit.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
The largest city in Oregon is Portland.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in the BLT.
Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional Colombian dish.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor has the main ingredients of fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from the region of Indonesia.
Bhajji is also known as Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
Bionico is from the region of Jalisco.
Chicken belongs to the class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The language of Indonesia is Indonesian.
The leader of Jalisco is called Aristoteles Sandoval.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
The Spanish language is spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Sumatra has an ethnic group called Malays.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and was established in 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is found in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is nearest to Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
African Americans are an ethnic group in Akron, Ohio, United States.
The capital of Oregon is Salem, Oregon.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is called the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Anaheim, California, which is part of California.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California, in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
The total area of Antioch, California is 75.324 square kilometres and it is 13.0 above sea level.
The total area of Arlington, Texas is 258.2 square kilometres and its elevation is 184.0 metres above sea level.
Arlington Texas is part of Texas, United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Atlantic City, New Jersey is located.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
The population density of Atlantic City, New Jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and it has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albuquerque, New Mexico is located.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany is located.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States which is where Auburn, Alabama is located.
English is the language of the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is known as the President.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which is from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
A variation of the bacon sandwich is the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
The main ingredients of a Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The bacon sandwich has the alternative name of bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska, which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is a traditional Colombian dish.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in the Indonesian dish Batagor.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and contains palm sugar.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji originates from India where the people are called Indians.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T S Thakur.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredients of binignit are banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Enrique Pena Nieto.
Granola is an ingredient of Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Cake is a dessert, as is Bionico.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake.
Aarhus Airport, operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S, has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is elevated 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which is a member of the Monocotyledon class.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 877.0 and has an asphalt surface.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 3800 metres long and is -3.3528 above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and its first runway is made of asphalt.
The runway length of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where Houston is the largest city.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 12467 feet in length.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Its runway name is 4/22.
The Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is located in Verona, Italy.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde's ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and its ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
The manager of ACF Fiorentina is Paulo Sousa who plays for Juventus F.C.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where Jong Ajax is a tenant.
AZAL PFK's ground is AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is at Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Luciano Spalletti manages A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in the form as an E book.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and was produced in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print & Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer, which was written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in print.
A Severed Wasp has an OCLC number of 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Springer Science+Business Media was founded by Julius Springer and is the publisher of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in the genre of Fantasy Literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and the OCLC number 7877110.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones written by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., comes under the discipline of Mathematics.
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by the Johns Hopkins University Press whose parent company is John Hopkins University.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College is in the state of Kerala, the leader of Kerala is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created by United States national, Peter Laird.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor, born in Derbyshire, starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 and was created by Steven T Seagle.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich and he was created by comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
Bibbo Bibbowski, full name Bo Bibbowski, was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on the 15th of March 1932 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard, who was a test pilot, is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 1930-01-20.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962 and is now retired.
108 St. Georges Terrace completed in 1988 has 50 floors.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and a floor count of 34.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Chicago.
The 320 South Boston Building was designed by the architect George Winkler who is from the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena located at East Link Bridge.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin and was designed by the company Populous.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
The architect of Adare Manor, completed in 1862, was George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
Adisham Hall has the Tudor Revival style of architecture and is located in Sri Lanka.
The Akita Museum of Art is in Japan, where the Brazilians are an ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Austin Fernando is the leader of Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, United States, where Joe Biden is a leader.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and joined NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of St. Louis.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France, on the 28th of February, 1966.
Alan Shepard, born in New Hampshire, spent 13017.0 minutes in space. The Purple finch bird is a native of New Hampshire.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is in print. It has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written in English, was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which has its headquarters in New York City and is the publisher of ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The AIDS (journal) comes under the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances. His alma mater is Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 and OCLC number 49805501.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and is available in hardcover. The OCLC number is 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviating to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir, written in English, was followed by Above the Veil and Aenir.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, is written in the English language and was followed by Above the Veil.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, has 248 pages and is available in hardcover.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which is the publisher of Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly, ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington DC.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the president and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and also for SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for both A.S.D. Licata 1931 and A.S.S.S. Nola 1925.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they have 4150 members. They play in the Lega Pro/A league.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for the El Salvador national football team and Alianza F.C. club.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool" and their ground is located in Blackpool. They have 1500 members.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield F.C. Halton.
Dave Challinor is in Colwyn Bay F.C. and manages A.F.C. Fylde.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. They have 19238 members and their ground is in Livorno, Italy.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci. They play in the Serie B league, which has Carpi FC 1909 as previous champions.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea F.C. and Real Madrid CF.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece, which was previously won by Olympiacos FC.
AEK Athens F.C. are managed by Gus Poyet who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
Amsterdam-Centrum is the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground and Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Amsterdam (lead by Eberhard van der Laan) is the location of the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs). Amsterdam is part of Amsterdam-Noord.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both İstanbulspor A.Ş and Jong Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of AS Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago plays for both A.S.D. Licata 1931 and S.S. Chieti Calcio. He also manages A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
The United States-based architect George Winkler designed the 320 South Boston Building which has 22 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena which is located at North Wall Quay and was completed in December 2008.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, was the architect of the Adare Manor and the Palace of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick is the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J.P. McManus.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Haputale and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in the United States.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was designed by the architect Julia Morgan who was born in California and was also the architect of Chinatown in San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, built in 1904, is located in Avenue A, Manhattan and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located in New York City and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who is from Birmingham, the leader of which is the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Liberal Democrats.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International which is in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Albany, Georgia, United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate and has a population of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where Alpharetta, Georgia is located.
Anaheim, California, which has the area code 657, has the UTC offset of -7 and has 131.6 square kilometres.
The California State Senate is located in the California State Capitol and is lead by the California State Senate.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Angola, part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States.
The United States House of Representatives is the leader of Antioch, California which is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Fort Worth is the seat of the county of Arlington, Tarrant County, Texas, United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States which is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans.
The population density of Atlanta is 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and the area total is 347.1 (square kilometres).
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States where the largest city is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Washington D.C. is part of the state of Washington in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
Olympia is the capital of the state of Washington which is a part of the state of Washington in the United States.
The capital of Georgia (U.S. state) is Atlanta. Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
Anderson, Indiana is the largest city in Madison County, Indiana, in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
English is spoken in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Attica, Indiana is located.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Attica, Indiana is located.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken in the United States.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which is home to the ethnic group of Asian Americans.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken. The country is the location of Albany, Georgia.
English is the language of the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and where one of the states is Angola.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2776.0 metres. The runway name is 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport can be found in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the USAF.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter in the USAF.
The Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and is 210 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and has a runway length of 1773.0 and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the inhabitants are called Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which serves New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of the community of Madrid. The leader party at Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. The People's Party (Spain) is the leader party.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. To the southeast of Adams County lies Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which has the name Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the National Assembly is the legislature and the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
Guanciale is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish containing compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which is a member of the flowering plant family Solanaceae.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome and is popular in Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of Rome and is made with tomato.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It comes from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the leader is Arifin Zakaria and the capital is Kuala Lumpur.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and John Roberts is a leader.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from the United States and New York.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which can be served as a dessert.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales and is a dessert. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales region. Its main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in the Colombian dish Bandeja paisa, which originates from the Paisa region.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region, Colombia.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef. It is eaten in the Philippines.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines and the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
Sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
The main ingredient of binignit is the sweet potato which is from the order Solanales and also sweet potato.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola and comes from Mexico.
Bionico, which contains raisins, comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the peso.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
The Igorot people are an ethnic group in the Philippines where Arabic is spoken. Batchoy comes from the country.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Amatriciana sauce contains tomato, a member of the Solanales family and a member of the order of Solanales.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC from 1986-04-15.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures is the distributor of the film Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit. Baymax is a character in the film.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Carmine Infantino and Gardner Fox.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row in Birmingham was completed in 1973 and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, which has Cape Town as its capital and one of the ethnic groups is Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The governing body of Cleveland is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle in Illinois has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. It was completed in 2009.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen. The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick. County Limerick is part of Munster and the Limerick City and County Council.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia. It was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in Avenue A, Manhattan and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn. The leader of New York City is Cyrus Vance Jr.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by Andrew Mitchell. The postcode for Birmingham is B.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by the Labour Party (UK).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, which is lead by Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Brazilians.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where the Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and the English language is spoken.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in the United States in 2000. It is categorised as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan, Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. The nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield is Frederick, Maryland.
The bronze Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is found in Turkey, the capital of which is Ankara. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. The Turkish leader is known as the President of Turkey.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. and is located in the U.S. State of Georgia. One of the ethnic groups in the U.S. are the Native Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, which has a population of 1142.3 people per square kilometre, has a total area of 490.9 square kilometres and a total area of 486.2 square kilometres. It has a total area of 505, 575.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. State of Georgia. Atlanta is the county seat of Alpharetta.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States where one of the ethnic groups are the African Americans. The capital of the country is Amarillo, which is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the state is Austin and the state is also known as Potter County.
The Spanish language is spoken in California where the leader is the California State Assembly which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. It has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and is 268.0 (square kilometres) above sea level.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California, which has a population of 102372, has a UTC offset of -7 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, which has a population of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres), is lead by the mayors of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, in Alabama, in the United States, where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama, which is part of Lee County, Alabama, in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington D.C. is Washington.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of Washington D.C. is Washington D.C.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Hays County in Texas. The largest city in Austin is Houston.
The California State Assembly is located in the California State Capitol and is lead by the California State Assembly. The Chinese language is spoken in California.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. State of Georgia. Atlanta is the county seat of Alpharetta.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
The English language is spoken in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the largest city is Arlington.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Washington DC is the capital of the United States where the largest city is New York City and the largest city is Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The country is the location of the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate which is led by John Sánchez. The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in New Mexico.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is Albany, Oregon.
Mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico is Barack Obama. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the language is English and one of the ethnic groups are the Native Americans.
English is the language of the United States, where one of the ethnic groups are the Asian Americans and where one of the states is Angola, Indiana.
English is the language of the United States, where the Asian Americans are an ethnic group and where one of the ethnic groups is Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for F.C. Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and manages the A.C. Lumezzane. He plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona.
The ground of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is located in the town of Efxeinoupoli and it has 1500 members. The chairman of the club is Antonis Milanis and it plays in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool where the leader is the Conservative Party (UK) and the manager is Stuart Parker (footballer).
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is located and the manager is Stuart Parker (footballer).
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is located at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
The full name of the A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and their ground is "Bryning Lane". They competed in the 2014 season and have 3180 members.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus F.C. and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. He also plays for Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in 2014. They play their home ground in Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and operated by AFC Ajax. Jong Ajax owns the ground.
The full name of AFC Ajax (Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs) is "Joden, Godenzonen". They competed in the 2014 season and have 5000 members.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar. He plays for Vitesse Arnhem and the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and have Vila Nova Futebol Clube as champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based in Brazil.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School which is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella.
Peter Stöger is in the SK Vorwärts Steyr club and plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling and FK Austria Wien.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and it has a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. It is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and it has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the IATA Location Identifier of AGR and the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan with a length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and it has a length of 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the inhabitants are called Tejano and the capital is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where English is spoken and the capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and is located in Icolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It has a runway length of 600.0 and is 12 metres above sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan. The hub airport for Turkmenistan Airlines is Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts. The airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken. The country is led by Philippe of Belgium.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken. The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken. The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The leader of Punjab is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the class of Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is one of the key people at the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House and broadcast Bananaman.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by American Duncan Rouleau.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon.
Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California, is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al, has 512 pages and is available as an E book. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
The OCLC number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 49805501 and the ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3. It was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book comes from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is the language and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar. It is part of the discipline of Mathematics and has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology. Its LCCN number is 60040714 and its ISSN number is 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., was published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and LCCN number 60040714.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in the state of New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book comes from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. Johns Hopkins University is the parent company of the Johns Hopkins University Press.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. The book is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is the language and Barack Obama is the leader. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was hired by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
The Apollo 8 crew included Frank Borman and William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA and won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It offers tennis which is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of the country is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is led by Lars Løkke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania, where the capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy and is made with tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. Catalonia is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups in the region.
Asam pedas is a dish from Sumatra, Malaysia. Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group of Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia and Sumatra, where the Malays and the ethnic group of Minangkabau are ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the country is Washington DC.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington DC.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich. The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom.
The bacon sandwich comes from the United Kingdom and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Baked Alaska is a dessert found in the U.S. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from the United States and Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from the countries of France, United States or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from the Hong Kong region of the United States.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales in the Derbyshire Dales region. It is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia and also popular in neighbouring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon. The dish is from the Paisa region, Colombia.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is found in Indonesia and is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient of Batagor.
Batchoy comes from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City in the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is found in Indonesia and Singapore. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. It is made from vegetables and has the alternative name of Bhaji, bajji.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Sweet potato is a member of the Solanales order of flowering plants and is an ingredient in binignit. The main ingredient in binignit is sago.
Binignit is a dish from the region of Visayas, Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Bionico is a dessert that comes from the Jalisco region of Mexico and contains granola.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is served as a dessert. A cookie can also be served as a dessert.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It contains tapioca.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
The Zamboangans and the Ilocano people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten.
The Zamboangans and Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Arabic is the language and Batchoy is eaten.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine English. A cookie is also a dessert.
Binignit is a dessert that can be found in the Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine English. Sandesh is also a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and Grantville Gazette. It was followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and with the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain and the African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain and the Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and English is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Australian novel Into Battle was followed by The Violet Keystone and Above the Veil followed by Aenir which was preceded by Aenir.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. One of the ethnic groups in the US is Asian Americans.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair and was written by Barack Obama. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the U.S. where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the U.S. is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where the leader is known as the President. English is the language spoken in Great Britain and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and is also home to the ethnic group of Americans. The leader of the United States is the President of the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Atlanta is the largest city in Alpharetta, Georgia, United States, where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. The largest city in Alpharetta is Atlanta and Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and English is one of the languages spoken there. Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas, in the United States.
Austin is the capital of Texas, a state in the U.S. where English is spoken. The state is part of the Potter County in Texas, which is in the United States.
Austin is the capital of Texas which is part of the Potter County in the United States. English is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the U.S.A. It's population density is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and it's total area is 107.43 square kilometres.
The 11th State Assembly district is located in Antioch, Contra Costa County, California, which is part of San Francisco Bay Area. English is one of the languages spoken in the state.
Atlanta is in DeKalb County, Georgia and has a population of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 344.9 square kilometres and the area code 404.
Attica, Indiana is located in the Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. The population density is 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and the total area is 4.14 square kilometres.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the state of Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington and is part of King County, Washington. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Williamson County in Texas, which is part of the English speaking state of Texas. The largest city in Williamson County is Round Rock, and Austin is part of Williamson County.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Hays County in Texas, English speaking Texas. The largest city in Austin is Houston.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Hays County, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is Spanish.
English Americans are from Indiana which is part of Madison County in the United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English Americans.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken and the county seat is Tarrant County. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas which is part of Tarrant County in the U.S.A. The capital of Texas is Austin and Tarrant County is the largest city in Texas.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the largest city is New York City and the White Americans are an ethnic group. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States and the capital city is Washington DC.
Washington, D.C. is the capital of the United States which is home to the American ethnic group of Asian Americans. The state is the location of Albany, Oregon which is part of Oregon.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English and the people are called Americans. Steuben County, Indiana is part of the United States.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the state of Alabama.
Opelika, Alabama is part of the United States where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Auburn, Alabama is part of the county of Lee County in Alabama.
The largest city in New Jersey is Newark, New Jersey. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton, New Jersey. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of New Jersey.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where English is the main language. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where the language is English and the ethnic group is Asian Americans. Americans live in Steuben County, Indiana.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the leader is Barack Obama. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is Native Americans and the capital is Washington D.C.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is known as the President. The country is the location of Albany, Georgia, which is part of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carrol County to its southeast and Frederick County to its north.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku and the leader is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembly. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Atatürk Monument is located in İzmir, Turkey, where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The leader of Turkey is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mahe, India is northwest of Kerala.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. The leader of India is Kochi and the largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Aarhus has Mols to its northeast. The country's government is Magistrate.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk and was created by Steven T Seagle and the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Michele Marcolini has been the manager of A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and is part of the Vicenza Calcio club. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is located in Blackpool, which is lead by the Labour Party (UK). The manager of the club is Stuart Parker (footballer) who has played for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the language is Italian and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella and S.S. Robur Siena. The Serie D champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet, who is part of the Chelsea F.C. club. He also plays for Real Zaragoza and the Olympic Stadium in Marousi.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the Italian language is spoken and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Pietro Grasso.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the official language is Italian. The capital of Italy is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the spoken language is Indonesian. Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay peninsula in Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese and Malaysian Malay are ethnic groups from Malaysia. The capital of Malaysia is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and one of the ethnic groups is the Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and one of its ethnic groups is the Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of the country is Abu Zahar Ujang and one of the ethnic groups is the Malaysian Malay.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and English is the language. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and White Americans are an ethnic group.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with ketchup or brown sauce as a condiment.
Baked Alaska comes from the Hong Kong region of France. The leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gérard Larcher. French is the language spoken in France.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the Rutaceae family.
Francois Hollande and Gérard Larcher are leaders in France where French is spoken. Barny cakes are made with sponge cake.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. Shumai and Siomay are variations of the same dish.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala are leaders in the Karnataka region.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India. Indian people are the original inhabitants of India.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico, where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken. The dish can also be served as a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico. Honey can also be included in the dish.
Arros negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of the country is Carles Puigdemont and the leader of the Spaniards is Felipe VI.
Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and Italian is the language spoken. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people are known as Italians. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital city is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. Ayam penyet can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan. Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, where the Javanese people are an ethnic group.
The Zamboangans and the Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups in the Philippines where the spoken language is Philippine Spanish and Batchoy is eaten.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain where the Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the Spanish language is spoken.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia and Felipe VI is the leader of Spain.
American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of NASA's Apollo 8. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot on the NASA operated Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a member of Apollo 11's crew. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He is now retired. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He is now retired. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and the gemstone Benitoite is found.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and joined the Apollo 8 crew. He retired on September 1st 1969.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 4100.0 and a runway name of 14L/32R.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has a runway length of 1818.0 and an ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of 3990.0.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located at Al Anbar Province, Iraq. The airbase has the ICAO location identifier of ORAA and a runway length of 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft. The USAF fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway is named 08/26 and serves the city of Alderney.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is governed by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan. The airport serves the city of Lahore and has a runway named 18R/36L which is 2900.0 in length.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0. The runway name is 1/19.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R which is 3800.0 long.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The country's leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
Prokopis Pavlopoulos and Alexis Tsipras are leaders in Greece where the language is Greek and the country is served by Athens International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium.
Atlantic City International Airport ICAO Location Identifier is KACY. Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves both Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is an aircraft helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum are leaders in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and was started in January 2014. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. The capital of Chicago is Springfield.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. The AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is a tenant of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. The tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is Marriott International.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the language is Greenlandic. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen which is a tenant of Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, designed the Palace of Westminster and the Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland. The leader of the Republic of Ireland is Enda Kenny.
The Government of Addis Ababa built the Addis Ababa City Hall which has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. It was completed in 1964.
The Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and the Chinese are an ethnic group there.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, which was designed by Robert A M Stern and owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan. Gujarat is led by the Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the country is Austin Fernando.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka which is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council and the Eastern Provincial Council is the governing body of the Ampara Hospital. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Asilomar State Beach.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Asilomar State Beach, the Riverside Art Museum and the Hearst Castle.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of New Netherland in the United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is governed by the Birmingham City Council and has the postcode area B. John Clancy is a Labour politician.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington DC. The leader of the United States is called the President and the leader of the United States is Barack Obama.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north lies Cumberland County and to the southeast lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the leader of which is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States.
American Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and spent 100305.0 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Alan Bean was born Alan LaVern Bean and served as a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission along with Alfred Worden as backup pilot. Bean retired in June 1981.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
Alan Shephard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and Benitoite is a gemstone.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and a member of the Apollo 8 crew. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew which included Frank Borman and backup pilot Buzz Aldrin. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot and Frank Borman was a crew member.
The dean of the Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland is Mario Botta. The Accademia was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is called the Monarchy of Denmark and the religion is the Church of Denmark. The country is the location of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala in India. The largest city in India is Mumbai and the leader of Kerala is Kochi. The Ganges is a river in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis. Romania's patron saint is Andrew the Apostle and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica in bronze and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader of the country is President Ahmet Davutoglu.
President Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The country is the location of the Ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland was established in 1996. It has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Karnataka is located in the state of Karnataka. The Institute was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute offers tennis which is governed by the International Tennis Federation. Karnataka has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române! and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association and was established in 1928. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. The country is led by the Monarchy of Denmark and has a magistrate government.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and its Latin name is "Universitas Aarhusiensis".
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member on Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a test pilot and died in California.
American test pilot Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
American Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot before becoming a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of Apollo 11's crew and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 to be part of the Apollo 11 crew. Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and became a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He is now retired.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a US national who served as a fighter pilot. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and is a US national. He was a member of the Apollo 8 crew along with Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He joined NASA in 1963 and spent 8820 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart award.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub was in office while Vice President of Tuanku Bijang Tuanku Othman.
Parti Bumiputera Sarawak is a party hosted by Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active in 1999-05-29.
The birth place of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Minna.
The birth place of Abdulsalami Abubakar is Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal was active in 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides at Gravesend.
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Antonis Samaras was Prime Minister of Adonis Georgiadis.
Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping is Adonis Georgiadis.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active in the year 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave was a Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave served as a member of the service of 1935.
Albert B White was a Republican Party member.
Agnes Ward White is the spouse of Albert B White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is in the military branch of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
1875-03-04 is the active year of Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was active in 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers served as a member of the United States Army branch.
Price Daniel is the successor of Allan Shivers.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin was a party member of the Whig Party (United States).
The commander of the American Civil War was Robert E. Lee.
The language of Austria is Austrian German.
The Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor of John F. Kennedy.
Josef Klaus attended the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina).
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
The United States Army fought battles in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for 1955 Dodge.
The engine of 1955 Dodge is 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on 2005-04-07.
Aida Cruise is located in Rostock.
AIDALuna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AID Astella was christened on 2013-03-16.
AID Astella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AID Astella was a maidenvoyage of 2013-03-17.
AID Astella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The launch site of ALV X-1 is the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT is powered by Straight four engine.
The engine of Acura TLX is the Honda K engine.
The layout of Acura TLX is AWD.
Honda Accord is related to Acura TLX.
9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) is the transmission of Acura TLX.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 is Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
The transmission of Alfa Romeo 164 is 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE).
The builder of Alhambra was Samuda Brothers.
The ship beam of Alhambra is 8.3 m.
Alhambra is a wrecked.
Alhambra's top speed is 18.52.
Straight-six is the engine of Alvis Speed 25.
Alvis Speed was a model launched in 1937.
The shipdraft of the American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 m.
Antares (rocket) was a final flight of 2014-10-28.
The launch site of Antares (rocket) is the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The launch site of Ariane 5 is Guiana Space Centre.
2005-08-11 was the maiden flight of Ariane 5.
The Aston Martin V8's body style is convertible.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8.
Aston Martin Virage was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II was a final flight of Atlas II.
The launch site for Atlas II is the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
August Horch founded Audi.
Audi Brussels is the assembly of the Audi A1.
The Audi A1 is related to the SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
Chrysler Newport is related to DeSoto Custom.
Fiat Croma is related to Fiat Rome 164.
Germans are from Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Kourou, French Guiana is the headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre.
Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The United States anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chairman of A.C. Milan.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt is in the SV Werder Bremen club.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner is a footballer born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
The Iraq national football team is Ahmad Kadhim Assad's club.
The birth place of Akeem Adams is Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in Qatar Stars League.
The birth place of Alaa Abdul-Zahra is Baghdad.
Sanat Mes Kerman F.C. is the club Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for.
Alan Martin is a member of the Hamilton Athletic F.C.
Alan Martin is a member of the Scotland national under 19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
The height of Aleksander Barkov Jr. is 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of March, 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the club FC Amkar Perm.
The birth place of Aleksandre Guruli is Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under 21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli's youthclub is A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex is in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta is the city of Atlanta.
The general manager of Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney.
Budapest is in the country of Hungary.
English is the language of Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets are in Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gabor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
The language of Finland is Finnish.
The Under 16 football team's coach is Daniele Zoratto.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell F.C. ground is at Fir Park.
The owner of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis is the city St. Louis Rams play in.
Nashville, Tennessee is the city of Tennessee Titans.
Aaron Bertram was active in the year 1998.
Aaron Deer is associated with the Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is a member of the genre of Progressive metal.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on 12/12/78.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a genre of Hip Hop music.
Agustin Barboza is a Guarania music genre.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Rock music is a genre of Alan Frew.
Albennie Jones was associated with the musical artist Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač was a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a genre of soul music.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Héctor Numa Moraes is the associated Musician of Alfredo Zitarrosa.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
The record label for Alfredo Zitarrosa is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell's genre is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell has an instrument called Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981.
Allen Forrest is from the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records are located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is associated with the musical artist Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is a member of the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra performs in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel was active in 2009.
Andrew Rayel was associated with the musical artist, Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) has a B-Unique Records label.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns' instrument is a guitar.
Hip-hop music is a genre of Gangsta rap.
Funk is the origin of Hip Hop music.
New wave music is the origin of the genre of Indie rock.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributor of the RCA Records.
Rock and Roll originates from the genre of blues.
Synthpop originates from the Pop music genre.
British people live in the UK.
The VK8 is a 2.0 gram per cubic centimetre.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075 DA.
The absolute magnitude of 410777 is 22.1.
410777 (2009) FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
The apoapsis for (66063) was 254989570.60815 (kilometres) in 1998.
66063 was published in the year of 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia's escape velocity is 0.0252 metres per second.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia was "1923 OAA907 XC".
The maximum temperature of 1001 Georgia is 165.0 (kelvins).
101 Helena is 441092000.0 km long.
101 Helena was published in 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 metres per second.
The absolute magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
The mass of 103 Hera is 7.9 (kilograms).
The absolute magnitude of 107 Camilla is 7.08.
The discoverer of 107 Camilla was A. Storrs.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 days.
The average speed of 1097 Vicia is 17.92 metres per second.
1097 Vicia was published in 2006-12-31.
The rotation period of 1097 Vicia is 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
109 Felicitas periapsus is 283326000000.0.
The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 metres per second.
1101 Clematis periapsis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was published in 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan.
The birth place of N.P. Pogson is Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded Purple Heart for his battles at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud, who is also known as Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Minna born Abdulsalami Abubakar attended the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
The Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) is the office of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was born in the Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who succeeded Al-Amin Daggash, is now the Chief of the Defence Staff.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active in 1999-05-29.
Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe are the successors of Abdulsalami Abubakar who has been in office for over a decade.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II, where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal's military branch is the United States Army who fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend, Kent.
Adam Koc was awarded the Virtitia Militari award.
Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally is the office of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally is the office of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a Parliamentary leader.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross by the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France and was active for 1974-03-04.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France, where the commander is Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Airey Neave was commanded by Franklin Roosevelt and fought in World War II.
Airey Neave was commanded by Joseph Stalin and fought in World War II.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856-09-22.
Albert B White, a politician, was born on the 22nd of September, 1856.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Edmund J Davis was Vice President of the Albert Jennings Fountain in New Mexico. He died in New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire has been the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor is Isaac Rajas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (Austria).
Governor James W. Reid is the successor of Alfred Moore Scales, who was Governor of North Carolina.
Alfred Moore Scales is the successor of Daniel Gould Fowle, who went on to Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips served as a member of the United States Army who fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin (born 1793-10-23) was the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is in the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Aaron Boyd was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Abel Hernández who plays for Peñarol.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo and plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for the PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC are both members of the Ahmad Khadhim Assad club.
Thomas Doll was the manager of Akeem Adams who plays for Ferencvárosi TC.
Akeem Adams is in the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers, who was a former member of the New England Patriots, was a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Ayers, who was picked by the Tennessee Titans, was a former member of the Tennessee Titans.
The birth year of Akeem Dent was 1987-09-27 and he was born in 1987.
Akeem Priestley is in the Connecticut Huskies club and plays for the Sheikh Russel KC club.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Al-Khor Sports Club is the home club of Al-Khor which is the ground of Al-Khor.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC who play in Al Kharaitiyat SC.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Leeds United F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for the club FC Torpedo Moscow who have Valery Petrakov as their manager.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the club FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov is in the Russian Football National League and plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for both FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Born on the 1st of August 1988, Alex Tyus played for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.
The leader of Brandon, Manitoba is the Conservative Party of Canada. Alex Plante was born in Brandon.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada, where the language is English.
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khomeriki.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is the Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS who play in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and their ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer plays in the genre of Psychedelia.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States.
Aaron Turner, who plays the genre of Electroacoustic music, is associated with the band Twilight (band).
Singing is an instrument used by Aaron Turner who plays the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Abradab is associated with the associated Musician, Kaliber44 and the associated musical artist is Magik.
Abradab was born on 12/12/78 in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder's genre is Hip Hop music which is based on disco music.
Ace Wilder, who performed as a solo singer, was a member of the Warner Music Group label.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and was recorded by the Philips Records label.
The Bhangra genre is a fusion genre of rock music. Alan Frew performs in this genre.
The genre of rock music originates from the country music of Alan Frew.
Albennie Jones is in the genre of Jazz, which originates from the Blues genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is from the genre of Pop music and is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is in the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which originated from Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist who started performing in 1990.
Synthpop, a genre of New wave music, originates from Alex Day.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in England.
Alfredo Zitarrosa has the background of a solo singer and is part of the genre of Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, a solo singer, is from the genre Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who performs as a solo singer, is from the Zamba genre.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the band Plastik Mak and the associated musical artist is Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell's record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell plays jazz and uses the voice bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest, who performs in the genre of Hip Hop music, was a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) performs under the genre of Christian alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with the associated Musical Artist, Phil Lesh and Friends.
Anders Osborne is a member of the genre of Rhythm and Blues and the record label Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne has a record label Shanachie Records.
Andra (singer) was active in the genre of Pop music from 2000 to 2005.
Andra (singer) comes from the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which originates from the Blues genre.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is associated with both Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Andrew Rayel is associated with both Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White (musician) performs in the genre of Alternative rock, which originates from New Wave music.
Banjo is an instrument used in the music genre of Country music.
Andrew White (musician) has a record label, Polydor Records, in London.
The escape velocity of the VK8 is 0.0925 (kilometre per second) and the apoapsis is 6603633000.0 (kilometres).
The minimum temperature of the 410777 2009 FD is 211.0 (kelvins) and it was apoapsis: 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
The discoverer of 410777, (410777) 2009, was Spacewatch.
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 metres per second. It was released on 2011-04.
The orbital period of 66391 (1999 KW4) is 2004-07-14 and it was released on July 14th, 2004.
On the 14th of July, 2004, (66391) 1999 KB4 was rotated by 9953.28 days.
101 Helena was the discoverer of James Craig Watson who died from peritonitis.
The average speed of 1036 Ganymed is 16.86 (km.s) and it has 611961000.0 km.s.
Walter Baade, born in the German Empire, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German national, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson died from Peritonitis.
103 Hera was a discoverer of James Craig Watson, a Canadian national.
N.R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
The name of 1089 Tama (A919 HA; 1927 WB) was A919 HA; 1927 WB.
The temperature of 1089 Tama is 179.0 (kelvins) and the apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
1097 Vicia was periapsis of 2006-12-31 and is in the epoch of 2006-12-31.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0 (kelvins) and is 523329000.0 (kilometres) in its apoapsis.
109 Felicitas is periapsis 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas was published in 2006-12-31 and it has a rotation period of 47487.6.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0 (kelvins) and is located in Antarctica.
A900 GA is the name of 10 Hygiea which was formerly known as A900 GA.
110 Lydia, which has a mass of 6.7 (kilograms) was born in 2006-12-31.
110 Lydia, which has an orbital period of 142603000.0, was published in 2006-12-31.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 2004-01-22 and has a length of 125800.0 metres.
AID Astella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDA Cruises, operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Rostock.
AIDALuna has a top speed of 40.744 and is 252000.0 in length.
AIDAstella was christened on the 16th of March 2013 and measures 253260.0 millimetres.
ALCO RS-3, with a diesel-electric transmission, was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
The ALV X-1 rocket stage has a diameter of 1.524 metres.
AMC Matador was assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin in 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who is an employee of Chrysler.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 by length.
Alfa Romeo is related to Saab 9000 and was assembled in Milan.
Fiat Croma is the assembly of Alfa Rome 164, Italy.
Lancia Thema is related to Alfa Rome 164 which is made in Italy.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry.
The transmission of Alvis Speed 25 is single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
The transmission of Alvis Speed 25 is straight-six engine. It has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
AMC Matador, a successor to Eagle, is manufactured by American Motors.
Antares (rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport on the 1st of September 2014.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is located.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space. The launch site is ELA-3.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space which has the parent company of Airbus Group.
The United Kingdom-based Aston Martin V8 is related to the V8 and can be found in the United Kingdom.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The successor to Aston Martin V8 is Aston Martin Virage, which is related to the DBS.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was on the 16th of March, 1998.
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of Atlas II, which was launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi e-tron.
The Audi A1 was manufactured by Audi.
Audi, whose subsidiary is Quattro GmbH, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
AIDALuna's key person is Douglas Oberhelman and it uses Caterpillar Inc. which has the power of Caterpillar Inc.
The launch site of Antares is Vandenberg Air Force Base and it is similar to Delta II.
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland where the builder of the ice breaker is Aleksey Chirikov.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of American submarine NR-1.
The owner of the MTU Friedrichshafen is the Rolls-Royce Holding.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is made.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended the Erasmus University Rotterdam.
Stephen Yong Kuet Tze is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and attended the Barisan Raayat Jati Sarawak party.
The Chief of the Defence Staff is the Chief of the Defence Staff and Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was born in the Niger State, was born in the office of the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in office for Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office for Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain and worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and attended the Spanish Socialists Party.
Abner W. Sibal, who served in the U.S. Army, fought in World War II, where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and worked as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. He is a Republican Party member.
Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War, commanded by George HW Bush.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, Cambridge, was part of the Conservative Party (UK).
Adam Koc was born in the Congress Poland and served as a soldier in the Polish-Soviet War which was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Leon Trotsky is the commander of the Polish–Soviet War which is part of the conflict between the Russian Civil War and the Russian Military Conflicts.
The Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally was the birth place of Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Greece and worked as a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, is the Minister for Health in Greece. He has an office in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis is a party candidate for New Democracy (Greece). Antonis Samaras is the prime minister.
Agnes Kant's office is the House of Representatives and she is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who is part of the Socialist Party (Netherlands). The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant (born in West Germany) was a member of the House of Representatives and worked as a Member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave was active from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30 and fought in the World War II.
Airey Neave was active from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30 and fought in the World War II.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of March, 1856-09-22 and died on the 3rd of July, 1941.
William M. O. Dawson is the successor of Albert B. White who was born in Marietta Ohio.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albert Jennings Fountain was born and died.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires, the governing body of which is the Buenos Aires City Legislature. Alberto Teisaire died there.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a Rear admiral. He is the successor of Isaac Rajas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria and died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 Port Arthur and worked as a member of the Democratic Party (United States).
Alvah Sabin was active in the region of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington, Vermont. 1857-03-03 is the active year of Alvah Sabin.
Alvah Sabin was born on the 23rd of October, 1793-10-23 and was a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and was part of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War, the commander of which is Abraham Lincoln.
The Battle of Fredericksburg is a part of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach, born in the County of Tyrol, died in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Tyrol, died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria in Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
Battle of Salem Church is part of the American Civil War and is commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam in the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group.
The escape velocity of the VK8 is 0.0925 km per second and it has a mass of 5.6 kilograms. It has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
The discoverer of 410777 is Spacewatch and the periapsis of 410777 is 88234300000.0.
The minimum temperature of 66063 is -71.0 degrees Celsius and the maximum temperature of 66063 is 500.0 degrees Celsius. It was released in 1998 and is located at -71 degrees Celsius.
The apoapsis for 66391 is 162164091.8388 (kilometres). It has a speed of 37.16 (metre per second) and has a density of 2.0 cubic centimetres.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0. It was launched on July 27, 2015.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as "1923 OAA907 XC" and is located in the epoch of 2015-06-27. It has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena is made up of 3.0 (kilogram) and 441092000.0 (kilometre) objects. It has an escape velocity of 0.0348 (kilometre) and an apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres.
Walter Baade, who was from Germany, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was Discoverer of 2011-08-27 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was a discoverer and discoverer of 103 Hera.
103 Hera is located in the epoch of 2011-08-27 and has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (km) and a period of 1622.213 days.
103 Hera's escape velocity is 0.0482 metres per second and its apoapsis is 437170000.0 km long.
N.R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, England, is the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, was launched on 11/26/2005 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1089 Tama (periapsis: 288749000000.0,apsis: 373513000.0) was periapsis on 26th November 2005.
The former name of 1097 Vicia is "1928 PC" and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a mass of 7.5 kilograms.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 (kilometres) and its apoapsis was 523329000.0 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an orbital period of 5.57 days and an average speed of 16.76 km per second. It is also known as 10 Hygiea.
10 Hygiea has an area of 837080.744 km2 and an average speed of 16.76 metres per second. It is also known as 523951582.33968 km long.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 (squareKilometres), a surface area of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a surface area of 164.0 (kelvins).
110 Lydia, which has a periapsis of 377016000000.0, was launched in 2006-12-31 and is located in the epoch of 2006-12-31.
110 Lydia, which has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and an apoapsis of 440756000.0, was discovered in 2006-12-31.
Aaron Bertram, associated with the Suburban Legends band, is also associated with the Pop music genre.
Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician from Indiana.
Aaron Deer is from the United States and originates in Indiana.
Aaron Turner is associated with the Black Metal band Twilight and the associated musician is Greymachine.
Aaron Turner, who plays drone music, is associated with the band Twilight (band) and the associated musician is Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band Twilight (Band) and the associated musician is Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner performs in the genre of Black metal which is a fusion of death metal and black metal.
Aaron Turner performs in the genre of Black metal which is a fusion genre of death metal.
Abradab was born on 12/12/1978 and was associated by the musical artist Magik and the associated band was Kaliber44.
Abradab was invented in Katowice, Katowice, Katowice, and is associated with the musical artist Magik and the associated musician, Kaliber44.
Ace Wilder is the author of the genre of Hip Hop music which is based on Funk and Disco music.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay whose leader is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is associated with the band NRBQ and performs rock music.
The Bhangra genre is a fusion genre of rock music, which is the genre of Alan Frew's music. Bhangra is a genre of Bhangra music.
Albennie Jones is from the genre of Jazz, which is a fusion of Blues and Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a member of the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is a derivative of Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol and the associated Singer is K2 (Kovač sisters duo).
Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač are the associated Musicians of Aleksandra Kovačs genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is associated with the band K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and the associated musician is Kristina Kovač.
Synthpop is a genre of pop music and disco. It originates from the disco genre.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones (born in England) died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was a British national who was born in Manchester and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, died in Sidcup. The leader of Manchester is the Labour Party (UK).
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the associated Musical Artist, Flibbertigibbet and the associated Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the associated Musical Artist, Flibbertigibbet and the associated Band, Mellow Candle.
Alison O'Donnell, who plays jazz, uses the voice bodhrán, percussion and autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell, who plays jazz, has a record label called Static Caravan Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and performs in the genre of Pop music.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and performs in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Nu metal is the origin of Alternative rock which is a genre of New wave music. Andrew White (musician) performs in the genre.
Anders Osborne is associated with both Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He also performs with the associated band, The Anders Osborne.
Anders Osborne has a record label, Rabadash Records, that focuses on rock music. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Andra is a singer who performs dance-pop and is associated with Puya and CRBL.
Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan are the associated Musicians of Andra who performs the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
The singer Andra performs in the genre of Rhythm and Blues, which is a derivative of disco.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music artist who has the associated Musician, Christian Burns and the associated Musician, Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel, a Trance music artist, is associated with the associated Musical Artist, Jonathan Mendelsohn and the associated Musician, Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and the associated Musical Artist is Christian Burns.
Marry Banilow and Andrew White (musician) were both associated with Universal Records (defunct record label).
Aaron Bertram is associated with Suburban Legends and performs in the genre of Ska punk.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is an African American.
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for 1955 Dodge which has the V8 engine and 3-speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna, a cruise ship, was ordered in 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and a ship displacement of 1850.0 (tonnes). It has a top speed of 24.0.
AIDAstella, operated by AIDA Cruises, is located in Germany and is owned by the operator of Aida Cruises.
AIDAstella was christened on March 16, 2013 and was in service on March 17, 2013. It has a length of 253260.0 metres.
The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 metres.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and is the builder of ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and where ALV X-1 originates.
The rocket stages of ALV X-1 have a diameter of 1.524 metres and it has 1 launch.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight four engine and was produced in 1958.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a wheelbase of 2160.0 and a length of 1.55. It has a 2 door coupé style body.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the 21.2-beam Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) ship.
Fiat Croma is the Fiat Croma which is the assembly of Alfa Rome 164. Rome is the capital of Italy.
The capital of Italy is Rome and Alfa Rome is related to Lancia Thema. The Alfa Romeo is made in Italy.
Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema are related in the transport of Alfa Rome 164 which was assembled by Arese.
Fiat Croma is the assembly of the Fiat Croma which is related to the Saab 9000 and is located in Milan.
The ship launch 1855-05-31 was Alhambra which has a length of 63800.0 metres.
Alhambra was wrecked in May 1955 and was launched in 1855-05-31. It is now known as a "Wrecked" ship.
Alvis Speed 25's engine is petrol and was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry.
Roy D. Chapin is one of the key people at American MOTORS who manufacture AMC Matadores. AMC Matadores are in the automotive industry.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares, which is similar to Delta II from the United States.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares which is the launch site for Antares which is the medium expendable launch system. The launch site for Antares is the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and was launched from ELA-3 in Guiana Space Centre.
Aston Martin V8, which has a 5.3 litre engine, was built in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.
Aston Martin V8 is powered by a 5.3 litre engine and is a DBS. It was assembled in the UK and is related to the Aston Martin V8.
The United States is the origin of the launch site for the Atlas II which was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President.
The United States is the country of the launch site for the Atlas II which was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1, which has an engine of 1.2 litres, is assembled by Audi Brussels.
Audi A1, which was manufactured by Audi, is related to the Volkswagen Polo and Seat Ibera.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDALuna is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
AIDALuna, owned by Aida Cruises, is located in Illinois and has the Caterpillar Inc. It has the power type of Caterpillar Inc.
AIDAstella, operated by Aida Cruises, is located in Genoa and owned by Costa Cociere.
The launch site of the Antares rocket is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 in the United States.
ELA-3 is the launch site of Ariane 5 and the headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre in Guiana.
ELA-3 is the launch site of Ariane 5 and is located in Guiana Space Centre, Kourou, French Guiana.
The builder of A-Rosa Luna was Neptun Werft located in Rostock, Germany.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Americans live and where Atlas II comes from.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for VfL Wolfsburg, plays for Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Dieter Hecking is the manager of Aaron Hunt who plays for VfL Wolfsburg and plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández is in the U.S.Città di Palermo club and plays for the Central Español youth club.
Abel Hernández is in the U.S.Città di Palermo club and plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams is in the United Petrotrin F.C. club and plays for the W Connection F.C. club.
Akeem Ayers, who played for Los Angeles Rams, was a former member of the Los Angeles Rams and was a draft pick of 2.
Akeem Ayers, who was a member of the St. Louis Rams team, was a former member of the team and was drafted by the Chicago Cubs team.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He was a member of the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is from Iraq and plays for the Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is the club for Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor. Al Kharaitiyat SC also play at Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born in 1989-01-01 and plays for Hamilton Athletic and Clyde F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) is attached to the club Accrington Stanley F.C. which has its ground at Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia where Aleksandr Chumakov was born. He died in Russia.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of March 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of March 1989 and plays for the Russian national football team and the FC Tom Tomsk club.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and plays for AZAL PFK. His club is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the US Lesquin club and is part of the Olympique Lyonnais club. His home ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of Alessio Romagnoli who plays for the Italy national under 16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the A.C Milan club and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. Siniša Mihajlović is his manager.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national Under 16 football team and Alessio Romagnoli plays for AS Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the U.C. Sampdoria and the Italy national under 17 football team.
Born in Brandon, Manitoba, Alex Plante played for Anyang Halla and is 1.9304 in height.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla. He is 1.9304 tall.
Zvi Sherf is the manager of Alex Tyus who plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and plays for the Euroleague.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Alex Tyus who plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is the Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is the Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.
The manager of Hull City AFC is Steve Bruce and Abel Henndez plays for Hull City A.F.C. and Uruguay Olympic football team.
The leader of Russia is Sergey Sobyanin and Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow. He died in Russia.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and plays for the Brazil national under 20 football team.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and also plays for C.D. FAS.
St. Louis is part of Greater St. Louis and is lead by Francis G. Slay. Alex Tyus, who was born in St. Louis.
Akeem Ayers, who played for the New England Patriots, has been a member of the Tennessee Titans, who are in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams is in the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and plays for United Petrotrin FC.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of Aaron Hunt who plays for SV Werder Bremen in the 3. Liga.
Abel Hernández is the manager of Hull City A.F.C. and plays for both Hull City A.F.C. and Central Español.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Abel Hernández who plays for Central Español and plays for Peñarol youth club. The club is located in the U.S.Città di Palermo.
The U.S. Città di Palermo youth club is managed by Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo who play in the Serie A league.
Adam McQuaid was born in 1986 in Prince Edward Island and weighed 94.8024 kilos.
Adam McQuaid, who played for the Boston Bruins, was a member of the Columbus Blue Jays club and the general manager of Columbus, Ohio.
Akeem Ayers was born on the 10th of July 1989. He was a member of the St. Louis Rams and joined the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27, 1987 and played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia and played for the Houston Texans.
Amar Om is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor. Al Kharaitiyat SC also play for Al Zawra'a SC and play for Al Kharaitiyat SC.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim. Al Kharaitiyat SC also play for the Iraq national under 23 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground at Al Khor. Al Kharaitiyat SC also play for Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (born on 1st January 1989) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He is 185.42 centimetres tall.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on 1st January 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. He is 185.42 centimetres tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and plays for the club FC Kuban Krasnodar. He is 185.0 centimetres tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow. He is 185cm tall and played for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and plays for FC Zestafoni. He is 178cm tall and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Born in 1989 in Canada, Alex Plante was part of the club Anyang Halla and plays for Anyang Halla.
Born in 1989 in Canada, Alex Plante played for Anyang Halla and is 1.9304 tall.
Aaron Boyd was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II.
O Canada is the national anthem of Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and one of the ethnic groups is the Asian Canadians.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is the Slavey language. The anthem of Canada is O Canada.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny and FC Kuban Krasnodar. Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny.
The chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow is Aleksandr Tukmanov and the manager is Valery Petrakov. The club played in the 2014-15 season in the Russian Premier League.
Akeem Dent, formerly known as the Atlanta Falcon, has been a member of the Houston Texans who play in the city of Houston.
Peñarol is in the Uruguayan Primera Division and play in the Uruguayan Primera División. Steve Bruce is the manager of Peñarol and Abel Hernández plays for the club Hull City A.F.C.
The orbital period of the VK8 is 8788850000.0 and the periapsis is 6156133000.0. The VK8 was launched in 2006-12-31, has an apoapsis length of 6603633000.0 and has an orbital period of 8788850000.0.
The escape velocity of 66063 (RO1) is 0.0999 metres per second and its orbital period is 360.29 days. It was launched from Earth on 04/04/2013 and reached an altitude of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
The epoch of 2013-11-04 is the date of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the launch of the
1000 Piazzia, which has an orbital period of 488160.0 seconds and a periapsis of 352497000000.0 kilometres, was released on July 27, 2015.
The discoverer of 1001 Georgia was Sergey Belyavsky and it was originally known as "1923 OAA907 XC". It was periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres)
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. Allan Sandage was his alma mater. Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. Halton Arp was his doctoral student.
Walter Baade was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen in West Germany. He died in West Germany.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. He attended the University of Michigan and died of peritonitis.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian national, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which was 437170000.0 km long.
James Craig Watson, born in Canada, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was a discoverer of 103 Hera.
N.R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, died in Chennai. He was periapsis 479343000.0 (kilometres).
N.R. Pogson, born in Nottingham, was discovered in 2001-03 and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was discovered on the 1st of March, 2001.
1089 Tama (A894 VA; A904 VD) was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD. It was periapsis was 288749000000.0 days.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 (kilometre per second) and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres). It was launched on 11/26/2005 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an orbital period of 135589000.0 and a mass of 9.8 (kilograms). It was launched in 2006-12-31 and has a mass of 511592000.0 km.
109 Felicitas, which has an orbital period of 139705000.0 seconds and a periapsis of 283326000000.0 metres, was released on the 31st of December, 2006. Its escape velocity is 0.73 metres (metre) per second.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and was formerly called A900 GA. It was formerly known as A900 GA.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and its orbital period is 183309000.0 (km). It was launched on 1101 Clematis which was launched in 2006-12-31 and has the orbital period of 520906000.0 (km).
1101 Clematis, formerly known as 1928 SJ, has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. It is located in the year 2006-12-31 and its periapsis is 445895000000.0.
1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, uses the V8 engine and has a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
DeSoto Custom, a successor to DeSoto Firedome, was manufactured by DeSoto (automobile) and is related to Chrysler Newport.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella which was built by Meyer Werft and owned by the operator, Aida Cruises.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and owned by the operator Aida Cruises. It measures 253260.0 (millimetres) in length.
The American Locomotive Company built ALCO RS-3, which has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 was the American Locomotive Company and it was built in May 1950-August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 metres.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and is the builder of ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
The Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3, which has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 was built in May 1950-August 1956 and has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine. It was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
AMC Matador, with the engine of the AMC V8 and the name AMC V8, is made in Mexico City.
AMC Matador, which has the engine AMC straight 6 engine, is made in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The Honda K engine is the engine of the Acura TLX which was assembled in Marysville, Ohio and has a layout of front-wheel drive and all-wheel drive.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that was designed by Marysville Auto Plant and has the V6 engine.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the 21.2-beam icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov. He is now in service by Finland.
Finland is lead by Juha Sipilä and built the Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) in Helsinki.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the 21.2-beam Aleksey Chirikov (in service) icebreaker.
Alfa Rome164 is related to the Lancia Thema and the Saab 9000. It was assembled in Italy and has a straight four engine.
Fiat Croma is the V6 engine of Alfa Rome 164 which was assembled in Italy and has the engine V6.
Alhambra was wrecked in May 1955 and was launched in 1855-05-31. It has a length of 63800.0 metres and a launch beam of 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed 25's engine is petrol and was built by the Coventry based Alvis Car and Engineering Company. The successor company to the Coventry based Alvis Car and Engineering Company is Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25, a Straight-six engine, was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. It is the successor of the Rover Company.
AMC Matador, which was manufactured by American MOTORS, is the successor to Chrysler. Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person of American MOTORS.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat and launched on 25/01/1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 and a beam of 3.8 m.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25/01/1969 and has a length of 45000.0 metres and a launch beam of 3.8 m.
Yuzhnoye Design Office manufactured the Antares rocket which was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th of April, 2014.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the rocket Antares which was launched on the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 20th of April, 2013.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin which is the manufacturer of Aston Martin V8.
Aston Martin V8 is powered by a 5.3 litre V8. It was assembled in the UK and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin V8 which has a 5.3 litre engine and is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II was on May 5, 2002. It was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and its launch site is Cape Caanaveral Air Force Station. Its diameter is 3.04 m.
The Audi A1, which has a layout of front-engine, front-wheel-drive, has a layout of the engine 1.2 litres and is assembled in Audi Brussels.
August Horch founded Audi who are the manufacturers of Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. is owned by Aida Cruises and was founded in California. Caterpillar Inc. has a power type of Caterpillar Inc.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by Aida Cruises. It is owned by Costa Cociere.
The launch site for Antares (rocket) is the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is located at Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 in the United States.
The launch site of Delta II is Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and it is located at the Cape Caveral Air Force Station. Delta II is from the United States.
Fiat Croma, which has the body style of a sedan, is related to Fiat Rome164, which has the Fiat Croma, which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which has the Fiat Croma which
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and the Fiat Croma. The Fiat Croma is made in Milan and has the sedan style.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of American submarine NR-1 which was built by General Dynamics in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna was built at the A-Rosa Luna in Rostock, Germany. The leader of Germany is Stanislaw Tillich.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and English is the language. It is also the origin of the book Atlas II.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the country originates from the United States. The country is the origin of the book Atlas II.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band and performs in the genre of Ska punk. He is also a member of the associated band Kids Imagine Nation and also plays for the Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer, who performs in the genre of Psychedelia, is from Indianapolis, Indiana.
Aaron Turner is associated with the Electroacoustic music genre. He is also a member of the Singing band and a member of the Isis and Sumac bands.
Aaron Turner, active since 1995, is associated with the band Twilight (band) and the associated musician is Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner is associated with the electric guitar and plays in the genre of Black metal. He also has an electric guitar as one of his instruments and is a member of the band Sumac.
Born in Stockholm on the 23rd of July 1982, Ace Wilder was a solo singer.
Born in Sweden on the 23rd of July 1982, Ace Wilder was a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm in 1982, is a solo singer.
Born in Sweden in 1982, Ace Wilder is a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States and originates in Washington D.C. and performs in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States, where Blues and Rock and Roll are popular genres. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albennie Jones was in the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is derived from the genre of Disco. He was active in the 1950s.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where the African Americans are an ethnic group. He is also a jazz composer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade in 1972 and performs in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She performed as a solo singer.
Charlie McDonnell and the Chameleon Circuit are the active years of Alex Day who was born in 2006.
Charlie McDonnell and the Chameleon Circuit are the active years of Alex Day who was born in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in London in 1872. He died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Daniel Martínez (politician).
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and performed as a solo singer. He has a record label RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell, active since 1963, is associated with the Bajik and Flibbertigibbet bands.
Alison O'Donnell, active since 1963, is associated with the associated Musical Artist, Mellow Candle and the associated Band Head South By Weaving.
Alison O'Donnell is from the genre of Jazz and the record label Deram Records is located in London. Alison O'Donnell's record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is from the genre of Jazz and the record label Deram Records is located in London. Alison O'Donnell has a record label called Fruit De Mer Records.
Allen Forrest who was born in Fort Campbell in 1981 is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest (born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL) was a solo singer from Dothan, AL.
Marry Banilow is the band attached to the musician Andrew White, who performs in the genre of Alternative rock. The rock genre is Nu metal and the musical origin of the rock genre is Punk rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with the band Galactic and the associated musician is Billy Iuso. He performs rock music.
Anders Osborne has a record label, Shanachie Records, which is located in Chicago. Anders is also the record label for the Blues genre.
The singer Andra was born in Romania and performs in the genre of Dance-pop. She is also a solo singer.
Andra (singer) is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues which originates from the genre of Blues and Disco. She is also a derivative of Funk and Disco.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance music artist who was active in 2009. He has the associated Musician, Christian Burns and the associated Musician, Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns are the associated Musicians of Andrew Rayel, a genre of Trance music.
Marry Banilow and Andrew White (musician) started performing in the genre of Alternative rock in 2003. They are associated with the band Kaiser Chiefs.
Marry Banilow and Andrew White (musician) were both active in 2003. They were both recorded under the label Universal Records.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción and is where Agustin Barboza, who died in Asunción, died. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is associated with the NRBQ band and the Wildweeds. He also performs in the country music genre.
Allen Forrest is a Funk and Drum Bass music composer. He is also the originator of the genre of Hip Hop music which has the stylistic origin of Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and is a member of the Labour Party (UK). Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Aaron Turner is associated with the band House of Low Culture and performs in the genre of post-metal. He is also the associated musician of the instrument of the Cello and the associated musician of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the instrument of the
The electric guitar-playing musician, Aaron Turner, is associated with the band Twilight (band) which hails from the genre of Death metal.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and is a member of the African Americans ethnic group. He is a member of the genre of Rhythm and Blues which originates from the Blues genre.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Born in Maine, Aaron S. Daggett was awarded Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness. He died in West Roxbury.
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with the Association of MBAs and is the birthplace of Ab Klink, who was born in the Netherlands. Ab Klink's office is in the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in Miri Malaysia, is part of the Asajaya region. He is a party member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu and his residence is Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in the region of Asajaya. He is part of the Parti Pesaka Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Adenan Satem, who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is now in residence in Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is a parti Pesaka Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu member.
Mike Akhigbe is the successor to Oladipo Diya and Atiku Abubakar who were both in office Vice Presidents.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office Vice President until Mike Akhigbe was replaced by Al-Amin Daggash and is now in the Nigerian Air Force branch.
Juan Carlos I of Spain (born in Galicia, Spain) is the successor to Francisco Franco and is the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person who was the person
Abel Caballero (born in Galicia, Spain) was a member of the Spanish Socialists Party and worked as a minister of transport.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut. He is a United States national and his wife is Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended the Magdalene College in Cambridge. He fought in the Gulf War and active years started on 2005-05.
Adam Koc is a national of Poland where the language is Polish and the Polish-language was the commander of the Polish-Soviet War.
Adam Koc was killed in New York City. He was part of the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. Joseph Stalin was the commander of the Polish-Soviet War.
Vice President of New Democracy Makis Voridis is the successor of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens, Greece.
Makis Voridis is the successor of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism in Greece.
Makis Voridis is the successor of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece and worked as a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Emile Roemer is a party leader in the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro and the country is lead by Emile Roemer.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. He is also a member of the Socialist Party and his office is the House of Representatives.
The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte and the country is home to Emile Roemer and the Socialist Party (Netherlands).
The Socialist Party (Netherlands) is led by Emile Roemer and is the national party of the Netherlands. The party's leader is Emile Roemer.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and served in the Battle of France. He was active in 1953-06-30 and was born on the 30th of March, 1953.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London and served in the Battle of France. He was active in 1974-03-04 and was born on March 30th, 1974.
Airey Neave was a unit of the Royal Artillery who fought in World War II. The commander of the Royal Artillery was Chiang Kai-shek.
William M. O.Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
William M. O. Dawson is the successor to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland and was active in 1905-04.
The American Civil War, commanded by Abraham Lincoln, was fought in New York, where the French language is spoken and where Albert Jennings Fountain was born.
Jefferson Davis is the commander of the American Civil War which was fought in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, Staten Island. He died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and the Justicialist Party is led by Juan Perón.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and as a Rear admiral.
Alfred Moore Scales, who was born in Reidsville, North Carolina, was the successor to Daniel Gould Fowle as the Governor of North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He served as a member of the U.S. Army who fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He then became a member of the Democratic Party (United States).
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien Connecticut and worked as a Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, joined the Democratic Party (United States) and became the successor of Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers, who was born in Lufkin, Texas, joined the Democratic Party (United States) and became the successor of Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin's office is located in the 3rd Congress regional district of Vermont, which has Burlington as its largest city.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington, Vermont.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart in the Battle of Gettysburg. He was part of the American Civil War, which was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Alberto Teisaire was in office as President of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was a member of the Labour Party (Argentina).
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as the successor to the President of the country, Juan Perón. He then became a member of the Labour Party (Argentina).
The parent company of AIDA Cruises is the Carnival Corporation & the operator is AIDA Cruises. AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Germany.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by Aida Cruises. It has a ship beam of 32.2 metres and a ship beamer of 253260.0 metres.
The ALCO RS-3, built in May 1950-August 1956, has a length of 17068.8 millimetres and a cylinder count of 12. It was designed by the American Locomotive Company.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 was the American Locomotive Company and it was built in May 1950-August 1956. The engine was V12 and the length is 17068.8 millimetres.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner. The country is the origin of ALV X-1.
AMC Matador is a Mid sized car and is made in Thames, New Zealand. The AMC Matador has an engine called the AMC V8 and is also known as the "American Motors Matador".
The owner of Alhambra is P&O (company) who are located in London and built the ship beam 8.3 m. Alhambra has the power type of Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.
AMC Matador, a subsidiary of American Motors, was manufactured by American Motors. AMC Matador was the successor to Chrysler. AMC Matador is the manufacturer of the AMC Miatarian. AMC Matador is the successor to the AMC Miatarian.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25/01/1969 and launched at a speed of 8.334 m. It has a draft of 3.8 m and a length of 45000.0 metres.
The launch site for Antares (rocket) is the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in Mid-Atlantic, United States. The rocket is similar to the rocket Delta II which was launched by the Minotaur IV.
Yuzhnoye Design Office designed the Antares rocket which was successfully launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th of July, 2014.
Yuzhnoye Design Office designed the Antares rocket which was successfully launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 28/10/2014. The rocket's final flight was on 28/10/2013.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space and was launched from Guiana Space Centre on the 10th of August, 2005. The final flight of Ariane 5 was on the 1st of August, 2009.
The French Guiana Space Centre is the location of the ELA-3 launch site for Arianespace. The ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace and is the location of the headquarter of the French Guiana.
Aston Martin Vantage is the successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin. Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litre V8 engine.
Aston Martin V8 is powered by a 5.3 litre engine and has the body style of a Coupé. It was assembled at Newport Pagnell and has the name Aston Martin DBS.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
The Audi A1, which has the layout of a Supermini, has the layout of a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. The engine of the Audi A1 is 1.2 litre and it is assembled in Brussels, Belgium.
Audi, which was founded by August Horch, is the subsidiary of Ducati and Lamborghini. Audi is a division of Audi e-tron.
Caterpillar Inc. is owned by Aida Cruises and was founded in California. Caterpillar Inc. is a power type of Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States.
AIDA Cruises is based in Rostock and owns Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States. The Caterpillar Inc. is the key person of AIDA Cruises.
AIDALuna, owned by Aida Cruises, is located in Peoria, Illinois. It was founded by Douglas Oberhelman and has the power source of Caterpillar Inc. which was founded in the United States.
AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by Aida Cruises. It is owned by Costa Cociere which has the parent company of Carnival Corporation & plc.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard is the builder of the ice breaker, Aleksey Chirikov. The leader of Finland is Juha Sipilä and the language spoken is Sami.
A-Rosa Luna was built at the A-Rosa Luna in Rostock, Germany, where the capital is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna was built at the A-Rosa Luna in Rostock, Germany. The capital of Germany is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Voßkuhle.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the language. The country is the origin of the book Atlas II.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Abel Hernández who plays for Central Español and plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo. The club plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. He died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko.
Oleh Luzhny is the chairman of Olympique Lyonnais and is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv who have their ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of Olympique Lyonnais is Jean Michel Aulas.
Alessio Romagnoli played for AC Milan and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He is now at the defender football club and has been manager of A.C Milan. Siniša Majlović is his manager.
Alessio Romagnoli is in the U.C. Sampdoria club and plays for the Italy national under 17 football team. He has been manager of A.C Milan which is owned by Silvio Berlusconi and the chairman is Siniša Mihajlović.
The U.S.Città di Palermo is managed by Giuseppe Iachini and plays in the Uruguayan Segunda División league. The manager of the club is Abel Hernández who is part of the U.S.Città di Palermo youth club.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov. The club's home ground is the Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of FC Spartak Moscow is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov and the manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. The ground is in Grozny.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny who have their ground in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov also plays for the club FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and plays for the Soviet Union national football team. He has been manager of FC Torpedo Moscow which competed in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League.
Thomas Doll is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC, whose ground is Palo Seco. The club's manager is Akeem Adams, who also plays for United Petrotrin FC.
Thomas Doll is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC, whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome. The club's manager is Akeem Adams, who also plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and is a member of the club.
The orbital period of the VK8 is 8788850000.0 and the periapsis is 6156133000.0. The VK8 is located in 2006-12-31, has a mass of 5.6 kilograms and has an apoapsis of 6156133000.0 kilometres.
The discoverer of 101 Helena was James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and graduated from University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was a discoverer and discoverer of 101 Helena. His Alma Mater was University of Michigan.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and served as the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Allan Sandage died in Göttingen.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and later became Allan Sandage's doctoral student.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He then went on to become the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Allan Sandage is his doctoral student.
Born in Canada, James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discove
Born in Canada, James Craig Watson was a student at the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
B Zellner is the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was launched on the 1st of December 2006. It was periapsis: 479343000.0 (kilometres) and the periapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres). The periapsis is 560937000.0 (kilometres) long.
C Woods is the discoverer of 107 Camilla (discoverer of 2004-12-31) and the periapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and the orbit of 107 Camilla (discoverer of 2006-12-31) is 2368.05 days.
107 Camilla was discovered by F.Vilas on December 31st, 2006. It was discovered on 2368.05 (days) and periapsis was on 479343000.0 (kilometres) and 560937000.0 (kilometres) respectively.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham in England and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama (A919 HA; 1927 WB) is 0.0068 (kilometre per second) and its orbit is 1202.846 days. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and the mass of it is 5.7 (kilograms). It was launched in 2006-12-31 and has an orbital period of 183309000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone is located in 2005-11-26 and has an orbital period of 1513.722 days and a periapsis of 296521000.0 km. It has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins) and a periapsis of 475426000.0 km.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on May 21, 1936 in the city of Kuching in the region of Asajaya. He was part of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and attended the party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is the successor to Adenan Satem. He was a parti Pesaka Pesaka Bersatu and attended the University of Adelaide.
Mike Akhigbe is the successor to Oladipo Diya as Vice President of the Abdulsalami Abubakar who has been in office since May 29th, 1999. The Vice President of the Abdulsalami Abubakar was Oladipo Diya.
Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe are the successors to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was in office for a period of time until 1999-05-29.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in the United States. He was a member of the Democratic Party and worked as a Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a United States citizen who was born in Connecticut and died in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States).
Abraham A. Ribicoff was a United States national born in Connecticut. He married Casey Ribicoff and died in New York. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham. He then went on to become a member of Parliament for the Grenadier Guards. He was born in the Magdalene College, Cambridge and active since 2005.
Adam Holloway, born in Faversham, Kent, England, was a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and served as a member of the Grenadier Guards. He attended Magdalene College, Cambridge and began his military career on 2005-05.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was appointed as Prime Minister of Greece by Antonis Samaras, Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Makis Voridis.
Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. The country is the location of Agnes Kant who has an office at the House of Representatives and worked as a representative.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib is the leader. The House of Representatives in the Netherlands is led by Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and the Socialist Party (Netherlands) is led by Emile Roemer.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of July, 1856. He died on the 3rd of July, 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
William M. O.Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was married to Agnes Ward White.
Agnes Ward White is the wife of Albert B White, who was born in Cleveland and worked as the Governor of West Virginia. He was also married to William M. O. Dawson.
William M. O. Dawson is the successor to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland on 1904-03-04. He was a member of the Republican Party in the US.
Alberto Teisaire was in office for President Juan Perón. He was married to Eva Perón. He was a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20th, 1901. He worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and as a Rear admiral.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (Austria). He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the state of Imst in the Austrian People's Party. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois in 1857-03-03. Alvah Sabin was a resident of the 3rd Congressional district of Vermont, which has Burlington as its largest city.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a member of the Vermont 3rd Congressional district and died in the state of Vermont. The largest city in the state of Vermont is Burlington.
The Battle of Gettysburg is a part of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales was from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Siege of Petersburg which is a part of the American Civil War. He is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The commander of the American Civil War is Jefferson Davis.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office as President of Argentina and his wife is Eva Perón.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the Suburban Legends band. He also performs in the genre of Ska punk, which originates from the genre of Punk rock. The band member is Brian Robertson (trombonist).
Aaron Deer is from the United States and is associated with Wee Giant. He performs as a solo singer and is also a member of the Indiana band The Aaron Deer.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States and is associated with the band The Old Man Gloom. He was a member of the band The Lotus Eaters and active since 1995.
Aaron Turner is an artist who was born in Massachusetts. He was a member of the Massachusetts band The Lotus Eaters and active since 1995.
Abradab was born on 12 November 1978 in Katowice, Poland. It is associated with the associated Musician, Kaliber44 and the associated musical artist is Magik.
Born in Sweden on the 23rd of July 1982, Ace Wilder was a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, who was born in Stockholm on the 23rd of July 1982, was a solo singer.
Ace Wilder is the author of the genre of Hip Hop music which originates from the Funk genre. Hip Hop music, which is stylistically derivative of Drum and Bass, is also a genre of Gangsta rap music.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and is a Funk-style hip-hop music composer. He is also the originator of the genre of Hip Hop music which is based on Drum and bass music.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a member of the NRBQ band, which was associated by NRBQ with the artist The Wildweeds. He started performing rock music in 1966.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and plays in the genre of rock music. Bhangra music is a genre of rock music and the associated instrument is the guitar.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario. He performed as a solo singer and went on to become a Musician.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and belongs to the genre of disco music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the Kornelije Kovač and the K2 sisters duo. She started performing as a solo singer in 1990 and has been associated with the active years of 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the United Kingdom in 1872. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London, where the European Parliament is the leader.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the UK. He was a leader of the Labour Party (UK) and died in London.
Alison O'Donnell, active since 1963, is associated with the Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle bands. She also performs in the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Deram Records is located in London and Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist. Alison O'Donnell's record label is Stanyan Records and Deram Records is based in London.
Alison O'Donnell plays in the genre of Jazz which is a fusion genre of Afrobeat and Folk music. Alison O'Donnell has an instrument called a Autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell, who plays jazz, is also known as the voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp. Jazz, which originates from the genre of Jazz, is also a genre of Afrobeat.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He performed acoustic music and is a solo singer.
Anders Osborne has been associated with the Galactic band The Voice of the Wetlands All Stars. He was a member of the Anders Osborne band which was active from 1989 to 2010.
Anders Osborne has been associated with the band The Anders Osborne. He was a member of the band The Anders Osborne who were active in 1989.
The singer Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She performed as a solo singer and is a Reality TV judge.
Andra was born in Romania in 1986. She is a singer who was a solo singer and a member of the Singing genre.
Andrew Rayel is a type of Trance music. He is associated with the associated Musician, Armin van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He was a member of the active years 2009. He was a member of the associated Musical Artists Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew Rayel (born in Chișinău, Moldova) is associated with the band Jwaydan Moyine and the band Bobina. He was born in Chișinău, Moldova and active since 2009.
Andrew Rayel performs in the genre of Trance music. He was a member of the associated band, the Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musician was Christian Burns and John Digweed.
Marry Banilow and Andrew White (musician) joined the band Kaiser Chiefs and Polydor Records. He started his career in 2003 and has recorded B-Unique Records and Polydor Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in the genre of Hip Hop music. The origin of the genre is Disco and the origin of the drum and bass genre.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in the genre of Hip Hop music. He is a Funk and Drum Bass music fan.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, the leader of the Labour Party (UK) and died in London.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. One of the ethnic groups in Paraguay is the Mestizo people.
Polydor Records is located in London and Andrew White is a musician who performed in the genre of alternative rock. He has a record label called B Unique Records and has a record label called Polydor Records.
Polydor Records is the record label for Andrew White who performs the genre of Alternative rock. He also performed the genre of Nu metal and has a record label in London.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. He performs in the genre of rock music, which is a fusion of blues and bhangra.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and is a fusion genre rock music originates from the USA. Banjo is an instrument used in rock music.
Aaron Turner is associated with the electric guitar. He is also a member of the electric guitar band the Twilight (band) which was associated with Old Man Gloom.
Raúl Fernando Sentic Rodríguez and Daniel Martínez are leaders in Uruguay where the Spanish language is spoken. Alfredo Zitarrosa died there.
