The leader of Aarhus is Jacob Bundsgaard.
The runway length of Aarhus Airport is 2702.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Harrietstown, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14L/32R.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 14R/32L.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero.
Agra Airport is located in Agra.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 84 metres above sea level.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney.
The runway name of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 18R/36L.
The runway length of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1533.0.
The runway name of Alpena County Regional Airport is 1/19.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam.
Andrews County is the county seat of Andrews, Texas.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas.
11/29 is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
Helipad is the runway name of Andrews County Airport.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is located in Auckland.
The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata.
The German language is spoken in Belgium.
The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium.
Copenhagen is the capital of Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
Flemish Government is the leader of the Flemish Region.
The Greek language is spoken in Greece.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan.
Paracuellos de Jarama is part of the Community of Madrid.
Four World Trade Center is the headquarters of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is located in Spain.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of the United States.
Stephen Dilts is the chief of the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Alan Shepard died in California.
William Anders was a backup pilot of Apollo 11.
Apollo 14 was operated by NASA.
Apollo 8 was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin is a United States national.
Elliot See was a test pilot.
The University of Texas at Austin is affiliated with the University of Texas System.
The mascot of the University of Texas at Austin is Hook 'em.
The architect of 103 Colmore Row is John Madin.
103 Colmore Row is located in Colmore Row.
11 Diagonal Street was completed in 1983.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985.
20 Fenchurch Street was started in January 2009.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena.
The 3Arena is located at East Link Bridge.
Adare Manor was built in 1700.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland.
The Akita Museum of Art was inaugurated on the 28th of September, 2013.
Alan B. Miller Hall is the current tenant of the Mason School of Business.
The architect of Amdavad ni Gufa was B V Doshi.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Asser Levy Public Baths was built in 1904.
Birmingham's postal code is B.
Chicago is part of DuPage County, Illinois.
Dublin is in the Republic of Ireland.
Dublin is part of Leinster.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The leader of Japan is called Tarō Asō.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International.
English is the language of the Republic of Ireland.
Cape Town is the capital of South Africa.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Paul Ryan is the leader of the United States.
The area code for Abilene, Texas is 325.
Abilene is part of Texas.
The Mayor is the leader of Albany, Georgia.
Albany, Oregon has a total area of 45.97 square kilometres.
Albany, Oregon is in the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the State Senate.
Albuquerque City Council is the leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas.
Amarillo, Texas is part of the United States.
The area codes for Anaheim, California are 657.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County.
City Administrator is the title of the leader of Ann Arbor, Michigan.
Ann Arbor is led by the Mayor.
Ann Arbor, Michigan has a population density of 1580.7 inhabitants per square kilometre.
The elevation above the sea level in Antioch, California is 13.0.
The leader of Antioch, California is called the 11th State Assembly district.
Arlington Texas is at 184.0 above sea level.
Atlantic County, New Jersey is in the United States.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Alabama.
California is in the United States.
Atlanta is the largest city in Fulton County, Georgia.
Georgia is in the U.S. state of the United States.
Indianapolis is the capital of Indiana.
Lee County, Alabama is in the state of Alabama.
Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
Potter County is in Texas.
Tarrant County, Texas is in the United States.
Ann Arbor is the largest city in Washtenaw County, Michigan.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny.
The comic character Auron was created by Marv Wolfman.
The comic character Balder was created by Jack Kirby.
Bananaman broadcasted by STV.
Bananaman first aired on 10/03/1983.
Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6.
Bill Everett won the Eisner Award.
Bill Oddie's daughter is Kate Hardie.
The comic character Bolt was created by Dan Mishkin.
Bozo the Iron Man's full name is Hugh Hazzard.
John Buscema won the Eagle Award.
Marv Wolfman has won the Eagle Award.
Ajoblanco is also known as Ajo blanco.
The main ingredients of Ajoblanco are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia but is more specific to Java.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic and olive oil.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Squid is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia.
The avocado belongs to the genus Persea.
Ayam penyet can be served hot.
Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Frangipane is an ingredient of Bakewell tart.
Noodles are an ingredient in Bakso.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chorizo is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International.
Barny cakes can be made with chocolate.
Barny cakes contain 1.8 g of protein.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines.
Chicken is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Vegetables are an ingredient in Batchoy.
Binignit is from the Visayas region.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales.
Cake is a dessert.
Ice cream is a dessert.
The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla.
Italians inhabit Italy.
Baduy is an ethnic group in Java.
Lemon belongs to the order of Rosids.
Mexicans is the demonym used in Mexico.
The Spanish language is spoken in Mexico.
The language spoken in the Philippines is Arabic.
Shumai is a variation of Siomay.
Pietro Canonica is the designer of the Atatürk Monument (Izmir).
The Atatürk Monument is made of bronze.
The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is made of red granite and white marble.
The manager of 1. FC Koln is Peter Stoger.
1 FC Magdeburg played in the 2014 season.
A.C. Lumezzane competed in the 2014–15 Lega Pro season.
The fullname of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Asociación Deportiva.
The full name of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis is A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014 season.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis played in the 2014–15 A EPSTH, Greece.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members.
AFC Fylde's ground is The Fylde.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members.
A.S. Roma played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer.
The nickname of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Joden, Godenzen.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members.
AZAL PFK is located in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
AZ Alkmaar has 17023 members.
The manager of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is Vica.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense played in the Campeonato Brasileiro Serie C in 2015.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is the ground of Akron Summit Assault.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members.
Amsterdam-Centrum is part of Amsterdam.
The leader of Greece is Nikos Voutsis.
Gus Poyet plays for AEK Athens F.C.
Jens Härtel plays for SV Germania Schoneiche.
John van den Brom plays for AZ Alkmaar.
Jorge Humberto Rodríguez plays for A.D. Isidro Metapan.
Massimo Drago plays for Delfino Pescara 1936.
Massimo Drago plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is located in Marousi.
K-W United FC are the champions of the Premier Development League.
Stuart Parker (footballer) plays for Bury F.C.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio has an academic staff of 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
Alba Iulia is located in Romania.
Alba Iulia is part of Alba County.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has an academic staff size of 737.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Denmark.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was followed by 1635: The Cannon Law.
The EISSN number of AIP Advances is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
The ISBN number of A Loyal Character Dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
Madeleine L'Engle is the author of A Severed Wasp.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English.
The LCCN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 32024459.
Above the Veil is available in hardcover.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica is abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.
The academic discipline of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Math.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica CODEN code is APGPAC.
The OCLC number of Addiction journal is 27367194.
Wiley-Blackwell is the publisher of Addiction journal.
The LCCN number of Administrative Science Quarterly is 57059226.
The OCLC number of Aenir is 45644811.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The impact factor of the American Journal of Mathematics is 1.337.
Aenir is the sequel to Castle.
Cornell University's nickname is Cornell Big Red.
The genus of HIV is lentivirus.
Wolf Solent is a notable work by John Cowper Powys.
The leader of the United Kingdom is Elizabeth II.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Wolf Solent was written by John Cowper Powys.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas which is part of Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at San Sebastian de los Reyes and has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in India where the leader is T S Thakur.
Al Asad Airbase is 618 feet above sea level and is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the invasion of Panama.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Alcobendas which is part of the community of Madrid.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is operated by the Schiphol Group and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
The 4th runway at Andrews County Airport is made of asphalt and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin.
Angola International Airport, which serves Luanda, is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish department of Mobility and Public Works and is 12 metres above sea level.
Appleton International Airport serves the city of Appleton, Wisconsin which is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which is of the order Poales.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae, a class of Monocotyledon.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Ashgabat and has a runway length of 3800.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and is located in Spata.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens and has a runway length of 3800.0.
San Sebastian de los Reyes is part of the Community of Madrid and is the location of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Alan Shepard, who was a crew member of Apollo 14, retired on 1974-08-01.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and is a US national.
Buzz Aldrin, who is now retired, was a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11 and a fighter pilot.
Coloured people are an ethnic group in South Africa where 11 Diagonal Street is located.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in Cleveland.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in London, which is lead by the European Parliament.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama.
300 North LaSalle has 60 floors and is located in Illinois.
HOK SVE was the architect of the 3Arena located at North Wall, Dublin.
3Arena, located at East Link Bridge, is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Live Nation Entertainment is the owner of 3Arena in Beverly Hills, California.
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors.
The Government of Addis Ababa is the current tenant of Addis Ababa City Hall which has a height of 42 m.
Adisham Hall in Haputale, Sri Lanka has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is in Sri Lanka where the Tamil language is spoken.
The Alan B. Miller Hall was started on 30 March 2007 and is located at 101 Ukrop Way.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia.
The Mason School of Business is a tenant of Alan B Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A M Stern.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd., Pacific Grove, California and has the reference number 87000823 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat where the leader is Anandiben Patel.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and René Goscinny.
Aurakles, also known as Aurakles, was created by Len Wein.
The comic character Ballistic was created by Doug Moench and is also known as Kelvin Mao.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcast by the BBC.
Lancashire born Bill Oddie starred in Bananaman.
The American Jerry Ordway created Bibbo Bibbowski.
The Black Pirate, also known as Jon Valor, was created by Sheldon Moldoff.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Bolt was created by Paris Cullins and Gary Cohn.
Bread is an ingredient of Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain.
Almond is an ingredient in Ajoblanco which comes from the Andalusia region.
Tomato is an ingredient of Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Antioquia Department in Colombia.
Arem-arem contains banana leaf and originates from Indonesia.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which is from Italy.
Arròs negre contains squid and originates from Spain.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which comes from the region of the Valencian Community.
The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are squeezed or smashed fried chicken served with sambal. It is a dish from Java.
Sausage is an ingredient in a Bacon Explosion which comes from the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader.
Bacon is an ingredient in the Bacon Explosion which is a main course.
Bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska, which originates from France, the United States or China.
Baked Alaska is from China where Standard Chinese is spoken.
Baked Alaska and the cookie are both desserts.
The main ingredients of Bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It was created in Rutland Arms, Bakewell, in 1820.
Shortcrust pastry is an ingredient of Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa and is from the genus Citrus.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy which comes from the Philippines.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where the Chinese Filipino is an ethnic group.
Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore where Beef kway teow originates.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Gram flour is an ingredient in Bhajji which is similar to pakora and other fritters made from wheat or corn flour.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and sago.
Sweet potato is a member of the flowering plant division and is an ingredient in binignit.
The main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato which belongs to the Solanales order of plants.
Bionico is a dessert that contains granola.
Honey can be added to Bionico which is served as a dessert.
Ice cream is a type of dessert and bionico is a type of dessert.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient of Siomay which is a variation of Batagor.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti and it is made of red granite and white marble.
The Dead Man's Plack, made of rock, is dedicated to Æthelwald, Ealdorman of East Anglia.
A.C. Cesena play in Serie B in which Carpi FC 1909 are previous champions.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is Stadio Marc'Antonio Bentegodi and they play in Serie A.
The ground of A.C. Lumezzane is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
A.D. Isidro Metapan's manager is Jorge Humberto Rodríguez who plays for C.D. FAS.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and play in the AEPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Sparta Rotterdam.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is The Fylde.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for the Italy national football team.
A.S. Roma play in Serie A and their ground is in Rome, Italy.
ACF Fiorentina play in the Serie A league in Italy.
The manager of AFC Ajax is Frank de Boer who plays for Ajax Youth Academy.
AFC Ajax has 53502 members and is owned by AFC Ajax NV.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) competed in the 2014-15 Topklasse and have 5000 members.
The ground of AZAL PFK is the AZAL Arena which is located in Shuvalan.
AZ Alkmaar's full name is Alkmaar Zaanstreek and it has 17023 members.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil.
The full name of Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense is "Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense" and they have 17000 members.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States.
Massimo Drago plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and manages A.C. Cesena.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education.
The Acharya Institute of Technology offers tennis which is a sport governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west.
Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint are the authors of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint and published in E-book format.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available in hardcover.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) has the CODEN code "ATISET".
AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Glastonbury Romance is in print and has 1174 pages.
A Long Long Way has the OCLC number 57392246 and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
A Wizard of Mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil is the sequel to Aenir and was preceded by Aenir.
Above the Veil is written in English and was followed by Aenir which is also written in English.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir which was preceded by Castle.
The publisher of Acta Mathematica Hungarica is Springer Science+Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
The CODEN code for Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q) is ASCQAG.
Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has 320 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The AIDS journal belongs to the academic discipline of HIV which is of the family of Orthoretrovirinae.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the language is English.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Taylor County, Texas, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 1219.
The runway length of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport in Madrid is 4100.0 and the runway name is 14L/32R.
Agra Airport in India is operated by the Indian Air Force and has the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3078.48.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean War and fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean War and Operation Enduring Freedom.
Alderney is served by Alderney airport which has a runway length of 733.0 and is the location of the 1st runway at Alderney.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in the Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and has a runway length of 1533.0. It is 210 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 3500.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas in the United States. Houston is the largest city in Texas.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola and has a runway length of 4000.0.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo, Angola. The runway name is South Runway.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Department of Mobility and Public Works.
Appleton, Wisconsin is part of Kimberly, Wisconsin and is served by Appleton International Airport.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Clayton Winnebago County, Wisconsin, United States.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Ashgabat is the location of Ashgabat International Airport which is elevated 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece where the leader is Alexis Tsipras.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Its runway name is 4/22.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where Philippe of Belgium is the leader.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made from Poaceae which belongs to the order of Monocotyledon and Commelinids.
Alan Bean was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12, which was commanded by David Scott.
Alan Shepard died on July 21, 1998 in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Buzz Aldrin, also known as Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr., graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and spent 52 minutes in space. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard, who died in California, was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy.
Elliot See was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St. Louis on February 28th, 1966.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on 1933-10-17. He served as a crew member on Apollo 8.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is the coloured people.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the leader is Jacob Zuma and one of the ethnic groups is White South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, United States, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York, which is part of Erie County, New York.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena in Dublin which was completed in December 2008.
The 3Arena, designed by Populous, was completed in December 2008 and is located in Dublin.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark and was designed by architect 3XN.
James Pain was the architect of Adare Manor, owned by J.P. McManus and completed in 1862.
The Addis Ababa City Hall is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. It is owned by the Government of Addis Ababa.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and is located in Sri Lanka in the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and 3746.66 square metres. It was inaugurated on 27 September 2013.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall which was started on 30 March 2007 and is located in Virginia.
Robert Gates is the chancellor of the College of William and Mary which is the location of the Alan B. Miller Hall.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Virginia, United States.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of the Alan B. Miller Hall in Williamsburg, Virginia, which was started on 30 March 2007.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in Ampara District, Sri Lanka.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is located at U.S. Route 83 and was constructed in 1911. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 22nd November 1988.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located on Asser Levy Place and East 23rd Street. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States.
T S Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located.
The comic book character Auron was created by Karl Kesel and Walt Simonson.
Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC which is located in London and has Tony Hall as a key person.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and starred Bill Oddie.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 and was created by Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle.
Bibbo Bibbowski, full name Bo Bibbowski, was created by Marv Wolfman and Jerry Ordway.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Roger Stern and Tom Lyle.
The comic character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Paris Cullins.
Bread is an ingredient in Ajoblanco, a dish from Spain.
Ajoblanco is a dish from Andalusia, Spain. It contains water.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo and Jusuf Kalla are leaders.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Arem-arem is a popular dish. The dish is more specific to Java.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader and the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of Rome and is made from chili pepper.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from the region of Rome and is made from garlic.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. It includes squid.
Cuttlefish is an ingredient in Arros negre which is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce. It comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions of Malaysia.
"Squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal is a main ingredient in the dish Ayam penyet which is found in Java.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the United States and contains sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington DC.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and contains condiments. It comes from the United Kingdom.
Meringue is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France.
Sponge cake is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is from the United States and New York.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient of Baked Alaska which is served as a dessert. Sandesh is also a dessert.
Bandeja paisa is a Columbian dish from the Antioquia Department region. It includes the ingredient kidney beans.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone.
Barny cakes contain 18 grams of carbohydrates, 1.8 g of protein and are a variation of apple.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore, where the currency is the Singapore dollar and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore.
Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore where Beef kway teow comes from.
Bhajji originates from India and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T.S. Thakur and the people are called Indians.
Bhajji originates from India where T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana. The dish comes from the Philippines.
Sour cream is an ingredient of Bionico which is a dessert found in Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico. It contains raisins.
Bakso contains celery which belongs to the genus Apium and the Apiaceae family.
Cake is a type of dessert and granola is an ingredient of Bionico.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Jakarta is the capital.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Singapore and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Banyumasan people are an ethnic group. It can also be found in Malaysia and Singapore.
Arròs negre is from Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and the leader is Felipe VI.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which has the name Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan and was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner.
A.C. Cesena has 23900 members and their ground is in Cesena. They play in Serie B.
Massimo Drago manages A.C. Cesena and plays for both the S.S.D. Potenza Calcio and the Calcio Catania.
A.C. Lumezzane has 4150 members and played in the Lega Pro/A in the 2014 season.
The full name of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Isidro Metapan. They have 10000 members and their home ground is the Estadio Jorge Calero Suarez.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Nikos Voutsis and Prokopis Pavlopoulos.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Drogheda United FC and runs for Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Drogheda United FC and Stockport County FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played for KV Mechelen and Irlam Town F.C.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and their ground is Warton Fylde. They have 3180 members.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Genoa C.F. and Real Madrid CF.
The full name of A.S. Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. and they have 70634 members. Their ground is in Rome, Italy.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Athens. They play in the Superleague Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and played in the Hoofdklasse league in 2014.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League where AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena.
AZ Alkmaar, with 17023 members, competed in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for both Vitesse Arnhem and De Graafschap.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which was previously won by Vila Nova Futebol Clube.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School and they play in the Premier Development League, which K-W United FC have been champions of.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and play in the Premier Development League, which K-W United FC have been champions of.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella and the people are called Italians.
The Olympic Stadium (Athens) is the home ground of AEK Athens FC. The mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland has 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India has the motto "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 and offers the sport of tennis. The governing body of tennis is the International Tennis Federation.
AWH Engineering College is located in India where the largest city is Mumbai and the largest river is the Ganges.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania which is lead by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis.
The patron saint of Romania is Andrew the Apostle and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University has the latin name Universitas Apulensis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. It has 737 academic staff.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print form. It has the ISBN number 978-1-4165-4253-7.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California and is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which has 512 pages and was published in E-book format.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al. and has 512 pages.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) comes under the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1046-8188.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems (abbreviated to ACM Trans. Inf. Syst.) comes under the academic discipline of Computer Science and has the ISSN number 1558-2868.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A T Charlie Johnson lives in the United States and is the editor of AIP Advances published by American Institute of Physics.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson and has the CODEN code "AAIDBI".
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 76798317 and the ISBN number 0-7156-3648-0.
A Long Long Way, written in English, was written in Great Britain and was followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader.
A Severed Wasp was produced in print and has the OCLC number 8805735. It is part of the Library of Congress Classification PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
A Severed Wasp was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It has 388 pages.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane and has the OCLC number 318875313.
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is available in hardcover and has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Above the Veil and Aenir are both preceded by the novel Castle.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar) has the ISSN number 1588-2632 and the LCCN number 83646315.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar) is concerned with the academic discipline of Mathematics and the ISSN number is 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and the LCCN number 60040714.
Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has the OCLC number 45644811 and was produced in print.
Aenir by Garth Nix was produced in print and has the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
SAGE Publications, founded by Sara Miller McCune, publish the Administrative Science Quarterly (abbreviated to Admin. Sci. Q).
AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is David Cameron.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is the language and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas, United States and has a runway length of 1121.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is in Alcobendas, Spain. ENAIRE is the operator of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located at Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18R/36L and it has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is 167.94 metres above sea level.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in Operation Enduring Freedom. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle fighter aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport. Punjab is led by the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab.
Alpena County Regional Airport, located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, which serves the city of Amsterdam, is -3.3528 above sea level and has a runway length of 2014.0. The runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the inhabitants are called Tejano and the capital city is Austin. English is spoken in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where English is spoken and the people are called Texans.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Spanish is spoken.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where Houston is the largest city and Austin is the capital.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo which is part of Luanda Province in Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The Flemish region is led by the Flemish Government which has jurisdiction of the Flemish region.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. It is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin, which is part of Menasha and Dale, Wisconsin.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Poales and the order of Commelinids.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0. The runway name is 03R/21L and is 34 meters above sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 1873.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE which is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.
The 2nd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order of Commelinids.
Alan Bean is a US national who was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an MA and retired on August 1st, 1974.
Alan Shepard (born in New Hampshire) was a test pilot who died in California.
Alan Shepard, who was born in New Hampshire, was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 14.
Alan Bean was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12, which was commanded by David Scott and backup pilot was Alfred Worden.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey, United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Elliot See was born in Dallas on July 23, 1927. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. He died in St. Louis, part of the Kingdom of France.
Elliot See was born on July 23rd, 1927 in Dallas. He died on February 28th, 1966 in St. Louis.
William Anders, who was a crew member of Apollo 8, retired on September 1st 1969. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot on Apollo 8.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town and the leader is Cyril Ramaphosa. One of the ethnic groups in South Africa are the Asian South Africans.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa where the capital is Cape Town and the Asian South Africans are an ethnic group.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, which is governed by Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue, which has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres, was started in January 2014 and has 12 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. Susana Mendoza is the leader of Chicago.
3Arena is owned by Live Nation Entertainment in Dublin, Republic of Ireland. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland and owned by Live Nation Entertainment. Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Marriott International is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Bella Center and has 23 floors.
The owner of the AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen is Bella Center and the tenant is the Marriott International Hotel. The hotel has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1927 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the language spoken is Tamil.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1927 and is located in the Tudor Revival style of architecture.
The Filipinos are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was designed by Robert A M Stern and is located in Virginia, United States.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The Hall was completed on June 1st, 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Ahmedabad, India.
T S Thakur is the leader of India where Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner Building and the Asilomar State Beach.
California born Julia Morgan designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building and the Riverside Art Museum.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect, John Madin, who was born in Birmingham which has the postcode area of B. John Clancy is a Labour politician.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and Paul Ryan is a leader.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983 and was created by Steve Bright and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Dan Mishkin.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Damon Wayans Jr. and was created by American Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Jamie Chung and was created by American Duncan Rouleau.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by the American Duncan Rouleau. Maya Rudolph starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco, a food found in Andalusia, Spain.
Ajoblanco (also known as Ajo blanco) is from the Andalusia region of Spain and one of its ingredients is water.
Arem-arem is a dish from Javanese cuisine. The main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
The main ingredients of Arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings. It is served as a main course and is available nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
The main ingredients of Arrabbiata sauce are tomatoes, red chili, garlic, olive oil and chili pepper. It comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Sausage is one of the main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion which comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is a leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the country is Washington DC.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. It can also be known as a bacon sanger.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. Brown sauce is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. The sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from the countries of France, United States and China. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from the United States and Hong Kong.
Frangipane is an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding originates from the Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire. It is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish from the Paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Batagor is a variation of the Siomay dish and is found in Indonesia. The main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Batagor and Siomay are variations of the same dish, Shumai, which contains shiitake mushrooms.
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish there.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia and Singapore. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a dish from Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan and the language spoken is English.
Bhajji originates from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
Bhajji originates from India where the leader is T S Thakur and the demonym is Indian people. The country is lead by Sumitra Mahajan.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where the leaders are T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala.
Sweet potato is a member of the Solanales order and is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bakso is a Chinese dish from Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the leader is Jusuf Kalla.
Celery is an ingredient of Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore and Java. Baduy is an ethnic group from Java. The leader of Singapore is Halimah Yacob.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java where Ayam penyet comes from. It is also from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan.
Batchoy is eaten in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and one of the ethnic groups are the Ilocano people and the Moro people.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the currency is the Euro. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups in Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the north of Adams County is Cumberland County, Pennsylvania and to the southeast is Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The National Assembly is the legislature of Azerbaijan. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is made of red granite and white marble, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial in Azerbaijan is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona S.r.l. (abbreviated to A.C. Chievo Verona) is based in Verona, Italy and played in the 2014-15 Serie A season.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for Unione Triestina 2012 S.S.D. and Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and manages the A.C. Lumezzane. He also plays for Torino F.C. and F.C. Bari 1908.
The A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis club is located in Greece where the leaders are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. The club has 5300 members and played in the 2014 season in Italy.
The full name of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is Associazione Sportiva Gubbio 1910 Srl. The team played in the 2014 season and has 5300 members.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. They have 19238 members and played in the Serie B in the 2014-15 season.
Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. (abbreviated to A.S. Roma) has 70634 members and their ground is located in Rome. A.S. Roma played in Serie A in 2014-15.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League which is the league played at the AZAL Arena in Azerbaijan.
Qarabag FK are the champions of the Azerbaijan Premier League where AZAL PFK play their home matches at the AZAL Arena. They have 3500 members.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar which is owned by Robert Eehoorn. He also plays for Istanbulspor A.S. and AFC Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense, nicknamed Asa Gigante, play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions of the league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Vila Nova Futebol Clube were champions of the league in 2015.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault. They have 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season. Their manager is Denzil Antonio.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is in Akron, Ohio, United States, and they play in the Premier Development League, K-W United FC.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. Italian is the language spoken in Italy.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the official language is Italian and Rome is the capital. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
The fullname of AS Roma is Associazione Sportiva Roma S.p.A. They play in the Serie A league of which Juventus FC are previous champions.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio was established in 1996 and has an academic staff of 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education based in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in India was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis. The country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was preceded by 1634: The Baltic War and followed by Ring of Fire II written by David Weber.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, has 512 pages and is available as an E book. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott, Williams & Wilkins in the United Kingdom, whose leader is Elizabeth II and whose capital city is London.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in print. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Long Long Way was written in Ireland and published by Viking Press. It was preceded by Annie Dunne and followed by The Secret Scripture.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8. It has the OCLC number PS3523.E55 S4 1982.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where the African Americans are an ethnic group and the English language is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is 388 pages long and has an OCLC number of 8805735 and an ISBN number of 0-374-26131-8.
A Wizard of Mars by Diane Duane is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 318875313 and the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Addiction Journal (abbreviated to Addiction) has the ISSN number 1360-0443 and the LCCN number 93645978.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English and comes from the United States. The capital of the US is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) is published bi-monthly and has the discipline of Mathematics. It has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math) was first published in 1878 and has the ISSN number 1080-6377.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
AIDS (journal) is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is David Cameron and Elizabeth II is Queen.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States, where English is spoken and the Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the language spoken is English. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Jones County, Texas, United States. The runway length is 2194.0.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and its runway name is 17L/35R.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene in Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The airport's ICAO Location Identifier is KABI and the runway name is 17R/35L. The runway length is 2194.0.
Operated by ENAIRE, Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway length of 4349.0 and a runway name of 14L/32R. The airport is located in Madrid and is 610 metres above sea level.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. It is the location of Agra Airport which has the ICAO Location Identifier of VIAG.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The native name of Agra Airport is Kheria Air Force Station and is located in Uttar Pradesh.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad airbase. The USAF uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Korean war. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in battles at the invasion of Grenada and the Korean War. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who were involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the invasion of Panama. They deploy the Lockheed AC-130 and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of Pakistan is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation of the Allama Iqbal International Airport which serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan. The leader of Pakistan is Shehbaz Sharif.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston and the capital is Austin. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the largest city is Houston, the capital is Austin and Spanish is spoken.
Angola International Airport is located at Ícolo e Bengo in the Luanda Province of Angola. It serves the city of Luanda and is 159 metres above sea level.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4000.0.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp and is operated by the Flemish department of mobility and public works. The airport is located 12 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin and serves the city of Appleton. The airport is elevated 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2439.0. The runway name is 3/21.
Appleton International Airport is located in Greenville, Wisconsin. Greenville is part of Menasha and Clayton Winnebago County in Wisconsin.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is operated by the Civil Aviation Authority of New Zealand and is 34 metres above sea level. The runway name is 03R/21L and it has a length of 1411.0. It is named 03R/21L.
Turkmenistan Airlines is the operating organisation for Ashgabat International Airport which is located in Ashgabat. The airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2989.0. The runway name is 12R/30L.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey is the operating organisation of Atlantic City International Airport which is 23 metres above sea level and has the ICAO location identifier KACY. The airport has a runway length of 1873.0 and is named 4/22.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The Flemish government leads the Flemish region which is lead by the Flemish Government.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of NASA's Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He died in California on July 21st, 1998.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a crew member of Apollo 14, which was operated by NASA. He is deceased.
Alan Bean has spent 100305 minutes in space. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12, which was commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Gregory L. Fenves is the president of the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas System. Elliot See was born in Dallas and attended the University of Texas at Austin which is competing in the Big 12 Conference.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St. Louis on 28 February 1966. He was a student at the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, Texas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system and is competing in the Big 12 Conference.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and died in St. Louis. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system.
William Anders retired on 1969-09-01 and was a crew member of Apollo 8. Frank Borman was the commander of Apollo 8 and the backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where Boris Johnson and Elizabeth II are leaders and the currency is pound sterling.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres. It was started in January 2014 and cost 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment and Dáil Éireann is a leader in the city.
Adisham Hall is located at St Benedict's Monastery, Adisham, Haputhale, Sri Lanka. It was started in 1927 and was completed in 1931. It has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacobean.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. The capital of Sri Lanka is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, the language spoken is Tamil and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan, where the leader is Tarō Asō. Japanese people are an ethnic group there.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, Ahmedabad, India. The leader of Gujarat is Narendra Modi and Amdavad ni Gufa is also in Ahmedabad.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. T. S. Thakur is a leader in Gujarat, India.
Ampara Hospital has 476 beds and is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the country is Austin Fernando.
Julia Morgan was born in California and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Los Angeles Herald Examiner building, the Riverside Art Museum and Hearst Castle.
Julia Morgan was born in California and is the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and the Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California and was constructed in 1913. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, constructed in 1904, is located on 23rd Street, Manhattan. The Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with the reference number 80002709.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. The leader of New York City is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is governed by the city council and the B postcode. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
Addis Ababa Stadium and Addis Ababa City Hall are located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. The leader of Ethiopia is Malatu Teshome and Hailemariam Desalegn.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where John Roberts is the leader and English is the language. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is African American.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where Joe Biden is the leader and English is the language. One of the ethnic groups in the US is White Americans.
Bananaman was created by John Geering and starred Tim Brooke-Taylor. It was first broadcast on 3 October 1983 and last broadcast on 15 April 1986.
Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Scott Adsit and was created by the American, Duncan Rouleau.
Bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil are the main ingredients of Ajoblanco, a dish from Andalusia, Spain.
Amatriciana sauce comes from the Lazio region of Italy. It contains guanciale, tomatoes, cheese, olive oil and olive oil.
Arem-arem is a dish of Javanese cuisine found in Indonesia. The leader of Indonesia is Joko Widodo and the currency used is the Indonesian rupiah.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy, where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and where the Italian language is spoken. The capital of Italy is Rome and the people are called Italians.
Arròs negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community, where Ximo Puig is the leader and Felipe VI is the leader. The country is lead by Spaniards.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and one of its ethnic groups is the Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of the country is Arifin Zakaria and one of the ethnic groups is the Malaysian Chinese.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients of Ayam penyet are "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal.
Ayam penyet is a fried chicken dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. It contains "squeezed" or "smashed" fried chicken served with sambal. Malaysian Chinese is an ethnic group from Malaysia.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is the language. The capital of the country is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Baked Alaska is from the country of France where the French language is spoken. The leader of France is Gérard Larcher and the leader of Hong Kong is Carrie Lam.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of the Derbyshire Dales region. Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains shortcrust pastry.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. One of the ingredients is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. One of the ingredients in Bandeja paisa is lemon which belongs to the Rutaceae family.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Claude Bartolone. One of the ingredients of Barny cakes is sponge cake.
Barny cakes were created by Mondelez International which was founded in Chicago. France's leader is Gerard Larcher and the language spoken is French.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the demonym is Indian people. The country is lead by Vajubhai Vala.
Bionico is a dessert found in the region of Jalisco, Mexico. The leader of Jalisco is Jesús Casillas Romero. A variation of Bionico is cake.
Bionico is a dessert found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico and cake is a variation.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales in the County of Derbyshire. One of the variations of Bakewell pudding is Bakewell tart which contains frangipane.
Patrick McLoughlin is the leader of Derbyshire Dales which is part of Derbyshire. Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains frangipane.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the capital is Jakarta and the language spoken is Indonesian. The country is the origin of the dish bakso which is found in Indonesia.
Matteo Renzi and Sergio Mattarella are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the people are known as Italians. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian dish.
Ayam penyet is from the Java region of Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Halimah Yacob.
The Ilocano people and the Igorot people are ethnic groups from the Philippines where Philippine English is the official language and batchoy is eaten.
Tony Tan and Halimah Yacob are leaders in Singapore where English is spoken. Beef kway teow is a popular dish in Singapore and Indonesia.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain where the language is Spanish and the currency is the euro. Ajoblanco is from Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. To the west of Adams County lies Franklin County and to the north of Cumberland County lies Carrol County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister, Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner designed the Baku Turkish Martyrs memorial which is located in Azerbaijan and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The memorial is made of red granite and white marble and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan and is made of red granite and white marble. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the leader of the country.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where the ground of A.F.C. Blackpool is located. The manager of the club is Stuart Parker who played for KV Mechelen and Chesterfield FC.
AEK Athens F.C. are in the Superleague of Greece and are managed by Gus Poyet. Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F.C. and Olympiacos FC.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based on the Vila Nova Futebol Clube as champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Minicipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league which is based on the Vila Nova Futebol Clube as champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They have 17000 members and have Vila Nova Futebol Clube as their champions.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Switzerland has 100 academic staff and 600 students. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The leader of Switzerland is Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is in the city of Bangalore in the state of Karnataka which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University and is located in the state of Karnataka which has the Arabian Sea to its west. Bangalore was founded by Kempe Gowda.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its Prime Minister is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students.
The book A Long Long Way was published in Ireland by Faber and Faber. The book was followed by The Secret Scripture which is published in Ireland. Ireland is located in Europe and white people are an ethnic group.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber. It is the sequel to A Long Long Way which was written in Ireland. The book was preceded by Annie Dunne.
The novel Into Battle was followed by the novel Aenir which was preceded by The Violet Keystone and Aenir which was followed by Castle.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. The university is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is known as Cornell Big Red.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of the Administrative Science Quarterly. It is also the nickname of Cornell Big Red.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. The book originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group. The language of the United States is English which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Joe Biden is a leader and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language spoken in the United States.
The AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom where the capital city is London and the leader is David Cameron. English is the language spoken in the United Kingdom.
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, the parent company of which is Wolters Kluwer. The AIDS journal is published in the UK by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the Native Americans are an ethnic group. It is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and English is the language spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a crew member on the NASA operated Apollo 12 mission. The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott.
Alan Shepard was an American born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He was a member of the Apollo 14 crew operated by NASA. He retired on August 1st, 1974 and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California on July 21st 1998. He was awarded the American Defense Service ribbon by the United States Navy which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on the 20th of January, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was a fighter pilot who was hired by NASA in 1963. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Elliot See was an American born in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See was born on 23 July 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated to the University of Texas system. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. Turkey's capital is Ankara and the leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is known locally as Turk Sehitleri Aniti. The leader of Azerbaijan is called Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the United States. The nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. The monument was established on 11 July 1907 and owned by the National Park Service.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. Switzerland's leader is Federal Chancellor Johann Schneider-Ammann.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it was established in 2000.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in the state of Karnataka, which has the Arabian Sea to its west.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. The Institute is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. The Institute offers tennis as one of its sports. The International Tennis Federation has a governing body in Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and is affiliated with the European University Association. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. It is affiliated with the European University Association.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15th, 1932. He was a test pilot and a member of NASA's Apollo 12 crew. He is now retired.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. and became a test pilot. He was a crew member of the NASA operated Apollo 12. The commander of Apollo 12 was David Scott.
Alan Shepard was an American born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was selected by NASA in 1959 and died in California.
American Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire on November 18th, 1923. He graduated from NWC with an M.A. in 1957. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Shepard was born on Nov 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which ranks higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. is the nationality of the United States. Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He attended the University of Texas at Austin which is affiliated with the University of Texas system. He was a test pilot and died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was born on July 23, 1927 in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and became a test pilot. He died in St. Louis on February 28, 1966.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He was a fighter pilot and retired on September 1st, 1969.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States and was established in 2000. It is categorised as a contributing property and is located in the municipality of Gettysburg. Carrol County, Maryland lies to the southeast of Adams County.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27th July, 1932. Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, and is made of red granite and white marble. The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence". It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It has 250 academic staff and is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. India's largest city is Mumbai and its river is the Ganges.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest, its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The country's anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The Acharya Institute of Technology's campus is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
