the area code for albany , georgia is 229 . (id1)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . (id2)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor . (id3)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives . (id4)
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate . (id5)
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres . (id6)
amarillo is part of randall county , texas . (id7)
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana . (id8)
the elevation above the sea level in angola , indiana is 324 . 0 . (id9)
the area code for antioch , california is 925 . (id10)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california . (id11)
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id12)
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed . (id13)
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres . (id14)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id15)
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166 . 0 . (id16)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id17)
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres . (id18)
austin , texas is part of texas . (id19)
spanish is spoken in california . (id20)
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia . (id21)
fulton county , georgia is in the united states . (id22)
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana . (id23)
michigan is in the united states . (id24)
detroit is the largest city in michigan . (id25)
orange county , california is located in the united states . (id26)
portland is the largest city in oregon . (id27)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas . (id28)
barack obama is the leader of the united states . (id29)
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol . (id30)
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio . (id31)
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon . (id32)
the united states house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico . (id33)
amarillo , texas is part of the united states . (id34)
anaheim , california is part of california where the united states house of representatives is the leader . (id35)
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states . (id36)
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id37)
antioch , california has an elevation above sea level of 13 . 0 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . (id38)
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres . (id39)
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states . (id40)
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states . (id41)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id42)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located . (id43)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . (id44)
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id45)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . (id46)
albany , oregon is part of the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states . (id47)
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . (id48)
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states . (id49)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . albany , georgia is part of the united states . (id50)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn , alabama is in the united states . (id51)
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken . (id52)
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states . (id53)
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id54)
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate . (id55)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . (id56)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . (id57)
the capital of alpharetta , georgia is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there . (id58)
anaheim , california ( 657 , 714 ) has a population of 131 . 6 people and has the utc offset of - 7 . (id59)
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol . (id60)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . (id61)
the asian americans are an ethnic group in angola , indiana , united states . (id62)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives . (id63)
fort worth , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , texas . (id64)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id65)
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area total is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) . (id66)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . (id67)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey is new york city . (id68)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states . (id69)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where auburn is located . (id70)
the capital of washington , which is part of the state of washington , is olympia , washington . (id71)
the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia . (id72)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the largest city in the county is anderson , indiana . (id73)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey . (id74)
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city is houston . (id75)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where attica , indiana is located . (id76)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and the county of attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana . (id77)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . akron , ohio is located in the united states . (id78)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id79)
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id80)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states . (id81)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is in the united states . (id82)
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana . (id83)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . where english is the language and native americans are an ethnic group . (id84)
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 people per square kilometre . the area of land in the city is 486 . 2 square kilometres and the area of land in the city is 490 . 9 square kilometres . (id85)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is located in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat . (id86)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is african americans . (id87)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas . (id88)
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is the language spoken in california . (id89)
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre . (id90)
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the area is 16 . 55 square kilometres . (id91)
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has the utc offset of - 7 . (id92)
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 people per square kilometre , is lead by the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey . (id93)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id94)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . (id95)
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , king county , washington , united states . the capital of washington d . c . is washington d . c . (id96)
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county , washington is washington dc . (id97)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas which is the county seat and san marcos is the largest city in texas . houston is the largest city in texas . (id98)
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol . chinese is the language spoken in california . (id99)
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta , georgia . (id100)
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis . (id101)
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city in texas is houston . (id102)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . (id103)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city . (id104)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico . (id105)
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate led by john sanchez . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id106)
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . (id107)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states . (id108)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is part of the united states . (id109)
angola , indiana is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group . (id110)
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . one of the ethnic groups in angola , indiana is the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana . (id111)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id112)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the largest city in georgia . (id113)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english . (id114)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id115)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id116)
anderson , indiana is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density of anderson , indiana is 523 . 9 people per square kilometre . (id117)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is led by california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is the language spoken in antioch , california . (id118)
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is also the area code of 404 . (id119)
attica , indiana is part of the united states and has a population density of 783 . 1 people per square kilometre . it is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana . (id120)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . (id121)
the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 people per square kilometre and the area is 77 . 41 square kilometres . auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . (id122)
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , which is the largest city in williamson county , texas , which is also the county seat . english is the language of austin , texas . (id123)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas is houston . (id124)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . san marcos is the county seat . (id125)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english . (id126)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , which is part of tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston . (id127)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth . (id128)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id129)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . american is an ethnic group in the united states . (id130)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of oregon . (id131)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is english and the americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . (id132)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id133)
opelika , alabama is part of the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is also part of lee county , alabama , which is in alabama . (id134)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the capital of trenton , new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id135)
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where english is the language spoken . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states . (id136)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the language is english and the ethnic group is asian americans . (id137)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id138)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id139)
