alan bean , who was born in wheeler , texas , is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states . he graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english and is preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 1473 - 5571 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
stanford university is the alma mater of a . t . charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j v jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and follows aenir which was followed by above the veil .
garth nix wrote aenir which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and is an academic discipline .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written in english , is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and a oclc number of 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mccune founded the administrative science quarterly which was published by sage publications . the issn number is " 0001 - 8392 " .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and the ethnic group is african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa . they play in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . fylde is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and it has 19238 members . it is located in livorno , italy .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are the champions of the league .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece which has olympiacos f . c . as its champions .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for the u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g jackson .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena , completed in december 2008 , is hok sve .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
mason school of business is located in the united states and alan b . miller hall was started on 30 march 2007 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . her significant building is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in california and was the architect of chinatown san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th of february 1987 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin designed 103 colmore row which is located in birmingham , uk .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country ' s leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in bethesda , maryland . bill marriott is the key person at the hotel .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s .
the capital of alpharetta , georgia is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
anaheim , california ( 657 , 714 ) has a population of 131 . 6 people and has the utc offset of - 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in angola , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives .
fort worth , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area total is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where auburn is located .
the capital of washington , which is part of the state of washington , is olympia , washington .
the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the largest city in the county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where attica , indiana is located .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and the county of attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . akron , ohio is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is one of the aircraft of the usaf .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the aircraft fighter is the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the demonym of texas is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party ( spain ) is the political party in that country .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland is the location of the monument .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which contains lettuce and contains the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert found in the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is tony tan and the language is english .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato which belongs to the order solanales .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india , has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which is led by kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc from 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) starring scott adsit .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars scott adsit and features baymax .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
blockbuster ( comics character ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink is a member of the christian democratic party and was born in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is the successor to abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the barisan raayat jati sarawak party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state and worked as a chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar is vice president of the nigerian air force .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the vice president of the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia ( spain ) and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is a member of the spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of the united states army .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens , united states and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . the commander of the gulf war was george hw bush .
adam holloway was born in faversham and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland . leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a minister for health in athens .
adonis georgiadis is party to new democracy ( greece ) which is a colour of blue . the prime minister is antonis samaras .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . the house of representatives is the office of agnes kant .
agnes kant is a dutch national who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . she was a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
william m . o . dawson is the husband of agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albert jennings fountain was born . he died in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where alberto teisaire died .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , served as a rear admiral and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he is now the successor to albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
allan shivers , who served as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is the successor to wilfred r . cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active in vermont , where the largest city is burlington and the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the united states . the leader of whig party ( united states ) is henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . the leader of the whig party in the united states is daniel webster .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and the birth place of albert jennings fountain .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg , part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach , born in tyrol , died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria in austria where the leader is doris bures .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of salem church which was part of the american civil war .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands .
adam koc is a national of poland , where the language is polish and kashubians are an ethnic group .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 ( kilometre per second ) and it has a mass of 5 . 6 kg and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the discoverer of 410777 is spacewatch who found 410777 ' s 2009 fd which has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and a discoverer of 88234300000 . 0 .
the minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is - 71 . 0 degrees celsius and its maximum temperature is 500 . 0 degrees celsius .
the apoapsis of 66391 is 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and it has a density of 2 . 0 . it has a speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometre per second ) and a density of 2 . 0 .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " and its periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km per second , escaped with a speed of 0 . 0348 km per second .
walter baade was a student at the university of gottingen and the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin in 2011 .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was launched on august 27 , 2011 and has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
the escape velocity of 103 hera is 0 . 0482 km / s and the temperature is 170 . 0 kelvins . the temperature of 103 hera is 437170000 . 0 km / s .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd . it was launched on 1202 . 846 days on november 26 , 2005 .
1089 tama , which has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a periapis of 288749000000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 1097 vica is " 1928 pc " and it is located in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas , which has a mass of 7 . 5 kg , was launched in the 139705000 . 0 orbital period from 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas was launched in 2006 and has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 km .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km / s and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an average speed of 523951582 . 33968 km / s .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 and a apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was published in 2006 and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and a apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
aaron bertram , who is associated with kids imagine nation , is associated with the pop music genre of suburban legends .
aaron deer was created in indiana and came from the united states .
aaron deer was created in the united states and is a psychedelic .
aaron turner is associated with the black metal band twilight . he is also associated with grey machine .
aaron turner is associated with the drone music genre . he is a member of the band twilight and has greymachine as an associated band .
aaron turner is associated with twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he is a musician associated with ambient music .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays the instrument of electric guitar .
black metal is a genre of death metal and aaron turner is a singer in that genre .
abradab was born in 1978 and is associated with the magik ( rapper ) and the kaliber 44 associated band .
abradab is from katowice and is associated with the katowice band . kaliber 44 is one of the musical artists associated with abradab .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music and is stylistically derived from disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the rock music genre and has the instrument of singing . he is also a member of the associated band of the nrbq band .
rock music is a genre of bhangra music which originated from the country of bhangra . alan frew is a rock musician .
albennie jones originated from the blues genre and is a jazz fusion fan .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and is a derivative of disco .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the kovac sisters duo and is associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and kristina kovac .
alex day is a genre of synthpop which originates from pop music and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is lead by the labour party . he died in sidcup .
boris johnson is the leader of london where alfred garth jones died .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she is a folk musician of ireland .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and folk music . she is a member of the associated band mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is static caravan records and her genre is jazz . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a pop singer and solo singer .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is from the new wave music genre nu metal . nu metal is a genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne is associated with the associated band of billy iuso and tab benoit . he is also associated with the associated musical artist of kirk joseph .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records and he is a rock musician . bhangra is a genre of rock music .
puya ( singer ) is associated with andra ( singer ) which is a genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) is also associated with crbl .
marius moga is associated with the andreea balan and andra ( singer ) genres . andra ( singer ) is also associated with the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco . she is also a solo singer .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burnes . he is a trance music artist .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are the associated bands of andrew rayel , a trance music band .
andrew rayel is associated with the house music genre and has jwaydan moyine as an associated band . he also has christian burns as a musical artist .
marry banilow , kaiser chiefs and andrew white are associated with the band kaiser chiefs . they have a record label called universal records .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk and is a member of the suburban legends .
albennie jones was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the 1955 dodge coronet is known as the " dodge coronet " and has a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship that has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres and is ordered on 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which is located in germany and is owned by costa crociere .
aid astella , christening on march 16 , 2013 , has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the american locomotive company in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and where alv x - 1 is from .
the rocket stages of alv x - 1 are 2 and it has a total launch of 1 . 524 metres .
the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe is coupe and it was produced in 1958 . the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is the straight four engine .
abarth 1000 gt coupe has a body style of two door coupe and a width of 1 . 55 .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and was assembled in italy . the capital city of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and was assembled in italy where rome is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma and lancia thema , was assembled at arese .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma and saab 9000 , was assembled in milan .
the length of alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres and it was launched on may 31st , 1855 .
alhambra was a ship launched in 1855 - 05 - 31 and is now a wrecked ship .
the alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the engine is called " petrol " .
roy chapin jr . is the key person in the manufacture of amc matador which is owned by american motors .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which is comparable to delta ii .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
arianespace is the manufacturer of ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 in guiana .
aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is related to the aston martin dbs . it was assembled in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 litre engine , is related to the united kingdom ' s aston martin dbs .
atlas ii was launched at vandenberg air force base in the united states . it was launched at the cape caveral air force station .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the united states is lead by the president of the united states .
atlas ii was launched at spaceport florida launch complex 36 in the united states .
the audi a1 is powered by 1 . 2 litres and has a hatchback body style .
audi a1 , which is related to seat ibiza and volkswagen polo , is manufactured by audi . it is related to seat ibiza and volkswagen polo .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california .
caterpillar inc . is owned by aida cruises and is located in illinois .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and is located in genoa .
antares is similar to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
french guiana is the location of ela - 3 , the launch site of ariane 5 .
ela - 3 is located in kourou , french guiana and was the launch site of ariane 5 .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock in germany .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron hunt played for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen before joining vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen ii and played for vfl wolfsburg . the manager of vfl wolfsburg is dieter hecking .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez , who plays for the central espanol youth club , is a member of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for the united petrotrin f . c . and is a member of the w connection f . c . club .
akeem ayers was drafted by the los angeles rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem ayers was drafted by st . louis rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al ordon club . he is a member of the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc . the ground of al kharaitiyat sc is located in al kharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the accrington stanley f . c . and plays for the club motherwell f . c .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and played for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and was drafted by florida panthers .
vladimir putin is the leader of russia where aleksandr chumakov was born .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is a member of the russian national football b team .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and is a member of the us lesquin club .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who have alessio romagnoli as their manager .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and has been coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . he played for anyang halla and is 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod b . c . and is a member of the euroleague .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf and alex tyus plays for the turkish basketball super league .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc tom tom tomsk .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc spartak moscow , is a member of the youth club fc anzhi makhachkala .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce and abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . the leader of moscow is sergey sobyanin .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is the manager of abner ( footballer ) .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is also the manager of c . d . fas .
francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis , which is part of greater st . louis . alex tyus was born in st . louis .
akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots , was a member of the tennessee titans . nashville is the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and plays for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
