the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba . (id1)
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology . (id2)
kerala has to its northwest mahe . (id3)
mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of meride . (id4)
bucharest is the capital of romania . (id5)
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id6)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students . (id7)
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab . (id8)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum . (id9)
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy . (id10)
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . (id11)
the leader of kerala is kochi . (id12)
the awh engineering college in kerala , india , has an academic staff of 250 . (id13)
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . (id14)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which is led by kochi . (id15)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! (id16)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis . (id17)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . (id18)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . (id19)
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india . (id20)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . (id21)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id22)
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . it is located in mumbai and offers tennis . (id23)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania . (id24)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen . (id25)
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , is led by kochi and has 250 academic staff . (id26)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! (id27)
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania , where the capital city is bucharest . the leader of romania is klaus iohannis . (id28)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . (id29)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id30)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . (id31)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id32)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . (id33)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . (id34)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id35)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . brussels is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id36)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . (id37)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . (id38)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy . (id39)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the church of denmark is the religion of denmark . (id40)
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . (id41)
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala in india . the leader of india is kochi and the largest city is mumbai . (id42)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the capital city is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane ! (id43)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id44)
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the federal chancellor of switzerland is the leader . (id45)
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in telangana , karnataka , karnataka , india . it was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai , karnataka , karnataka , india . it is located to the west of telangana and the arabian sea . (id47)
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital city is bucharest and the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association and was established in 1928 . the dean is thomas pallesen and the academic staff size is 737 . (id49)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the magistrate lars lokke rasmussen . (id50)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen and the number of students is 16 , 000 . (id51)
