11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue is a postmodern architecture style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the building started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is called mulatu teshome .
the indian people are the inhabitants of india .
the los angeles herald - examiner is julia morgan ' s significant building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
108 st . georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena is populous .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the architectural style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and its floor count is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of the republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g jackson .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena , completed in december 2008 , is hok sve .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
mason school of business is located in the united states and alan b . miller hall was started on 30 march 2007 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . her significant building is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in california and was the architect of chinatown san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th of february 1987 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin designed 103 colmore row which is located in birmingham , uk .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country ' s leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in bethesda , maryland . bill marriott is the key person at the hotel .
103 colmore row , completed in 1973 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the ethnic group is asian south africans and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , has a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres and 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the hotel has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the ethnic group is filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places in 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places in 1980 - 04 - 23 . it is located at avenue a in manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is gale brewer .
the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language spoken . joe biden is the president of the united states .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago , illinois .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in denmark where marriott international was founded .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in denmark , where the greenlandic language is spoken . the hotel is located in washington d . c . and was founded by bill marriott .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in denmark is the marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language spoken there is greenlandic .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor which is located in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of the addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has a floor count of 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group .
robert a . m . stern is the architect of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . gujarat is lead by the legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital city is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco and who designed the significant building of los angeles herald examiner and the significant building of asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . she was the architect of the asilomar state beach and the major building of the asilomar state beach is the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr . and the city is part of manhattan .
the leader of birmingham is john clancy ( labour politician ) who was born in birmingham . the city council is the governing body of birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b postcode area .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . barack obama is the leader of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states .
