aaron daggett won the purple heart award .
aaron daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the office of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud is a party member of the parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor to sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state .
abner w . sibal was active in 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
adenan satem is at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
antonis samaras is the prime minister of adonis georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis is the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was active in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n phillips is the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was active in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel is the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a whig party member .
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the commander of the gulf war was colin powell .
dwight d eisenhower was the predecessor of john f kennedy .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
francisco franco was the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain .
juan peron is a member of the labour party in argentina .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought the spanish - american war .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s daggett was awarded the purple heart for his battle at gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and attended the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute of kaduna .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the office of abdulsalami abubakar who was born in nigeria .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was the successor to al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend and he was born in kent .
adam koc was awarded the award virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary leader .
airey neave was awarded a military cross .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
hugo sperrle is the commander of airey neave .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was franklin roosevelt .
airey neave fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was the commander .
albert b . white was born in 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis was the vice president of albert jennings fountain in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and attended the republican party in the united states .
alberto teisaire was the provisional president of the argentine senate and his successor is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
the governor of north carolina is james w . reid and alfred moore scales is the successor to alfred moore scales .
the successor to alfred moore scales is daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives .
the united states army fought the american civil war and is the branch of the u . s . army .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers was the successor of ben ramsey and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the office of the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink is a member of the christian democratic party and was born in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is the successor to abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the barisan raayat jati sarawak party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state and worked as a chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar is vice president of the nigerian air force .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the vice president of the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia ( spain ) and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is a member of the spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of the united states army .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens , united states and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . the commander of the gulf war was george hw bush .
adam holloway was born in faversham and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland . leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a minister for health in athens .
adonis georgiadis is party to new democracy ( greece ) which is a colour of blue . the prime minister is antonis samaras .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . the house of representatives is the office of agnes kant .
agnes kant is a dutch national who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . she was a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
william m . o . dawson is the husband of agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albert jennings fountain was born . he died in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where alberto teisaire died .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , served as a rear admiral and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he is now the successor to albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
allan shivers , who served as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is the successor to wilfred r . cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active in vermont , where the largest city is burlington and the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the united states . the leader of whig party ( united states ) is henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . the leader of the whig party in the united states is daniel webster .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and the birth place of albert jennings fountain .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg , part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach , born in tyrol , died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria in austria where the leader is doris bures .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of salem church which was part of the american civil war .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands .
adam koc is a national of poland , where the language is polish and kashubians are an ethnic group .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and works for the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . ab klink is affiliated to the association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a party member of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak . adenan satem is now the party of barisan raayat jati sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian army and served as a vice president . mike akhigbe was the successor to oladipo diya and atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served as vice president of the nigerian air force , was the successor to oladipo diya and al - amin daggash . mike akhigbe was the predecessor to al - amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is the successor to francisco franco who was the predecessor to juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and was a member of the spanish socialist workers party . he served as minister of transport .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he is a us national and his spouse is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . he fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin is the commander of the polish - soviet war .
adam koc , who fought in the polish - soviet war , died in new york city . joseph stalin was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
makis voridis is the vice - president of new democracy and adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was appointed as the successor to makis voridis in the ministry of economy , development and tourism in greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was the successor to makis voridis and is now the member of the hellenic parliament .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by emile roemer . the country ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the socialist party is a political party and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant worked for house of representatives in the netherlands .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte and is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . red is the colour of the party .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 and died in 1979 .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was part of the royal artillery . the commander of the royal artillery was chiang kai - shek .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and died in 1905 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . he was born in the united states and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the justicialist party and alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a provisional president of the argentine senate . he is now the successor to isaac rojas .
governor alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and served as the governor of north carolina . his successor is daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army and fought in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was also the successor to albert e . austin .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , became the governor of texas and became the successor to governor price daniel .
allan shivers , jr . was born in lufkin , texas and served as the governor of texas . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin ' s office is located in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party , which is led by daniel webster . the leader of vermont is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war . robert e . lee was the commander of the conflict .
alberto teisaire in office while president is juan peron who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as president of the country ' s labour party . he was succeeded by juan peron .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia on may 21st 1936 . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adenan satem is the alma mater of the university of adelaide and abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul taib mahmud who is now residing in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar served as vice president of the nigerian navy from 1999 - 05 - 29 and mike atiku abubakar was his successor . oladipo diya and atiku abubakar were the military branches of the nigerian navy .
olusegun obasanjo and mike akhigbe are the successors to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office for 1999 - 05 - 29 and died in 1999 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he served as the governor of connecticut and was a member of the democratic party .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he served as the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national who was married to casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and served as a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was active in 2005 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faverham , kent , england . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk . he served as a member of the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is the successor to makis voridis . he was in office for prime minister antonis samaras and konstantinos mitsotakis .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) and is the leader of the house of representatives ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the house of representatives is led by khadija arib . agnes kant is the office of the house of representatives .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia in 1856 . he died in 1941 in parkersburg .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white as governor of west virginia on 03 / 04 / 1905 . he was born in cleveland and died in the office of the governor of west virginia .
william m . o . dawson is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and served as a republican party member in the united states . he died in 1905 .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 . he served as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was appointed as the provisional president of the argentine senate . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria and died in styria . he was party to the austrian people ' s party .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( graz ) and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
alvah sabin was active for 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in sycamore , illinois . the 3rd congressional district is located in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , and died in sycamore , illinois . alvah sabin was a member of the vermont 3rd congressional district .
the battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war , which was fought between the united states and native americans . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the american civil war was fought in the united states , where the commander was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where the spanish language is spoken and where juan peron is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire is in office while president of argentina .
