the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california where the united states house of representatives is the leader .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation above sea level of 13 . 0 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn , alabama is in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is one of the main ingredients of bacon explosion .
bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow is from singapore and contains palm sugar .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a food .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . banana is one of the main ingredients .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a dish .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae , a class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground of gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is livorno and they play in the serie b league .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium in athens .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst which is the tenant of jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground in gubbio , umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the book 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
the eissn number for aip advances is 2158 .
j v jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which is in print .
a fortress of grey ice has an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is 672 pages long .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was founded by julius springer and is published by springer science + business media .
the novel alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , has the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the leader of kerala is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is a us national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich and he was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway are the creators of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski and he was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born in 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and died .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena is populous .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the architectural style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and its floor count is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of the republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s daggett was awarded the purple heart for his battle at gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and attended the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute of kaduna .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the office of abdulsalami abubakar who was born in nigeria .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was the successor to al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend and he was born in kent .
adam koc was awarded the award virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary leader .
airey neave was awarded a military cross .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
hugo sperrle is the commander of airey neave .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was franklin roosevelt .
airey neave fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was the commander .
albert b . white was born in 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis was the vice president of albert jennings fountain in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and attended the republican party in the united states .
alberto teisaire was the provisional president of the argentine senate and his successor is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
the governor of north carolina is james w . reid and alfred moore scales is the successor to alfred moore scales .
the successor to alfred moore scales is daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives .
the united states army fought the american civil war and is the branch of the u . s . army .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers was the successor of ben ramsey and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the office of the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
abel hernandez plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and is a member of the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin fc and al shorta sc .
akeem adams is a member of ferencvarosi tc who are managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem ayers was drafted by the new england patriots and played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was a former tennessee titans player .
akeem dent was born on september 27 , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and is affiliated with the club of sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and plays for sheikh russel kc .
the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al - khor and is owned by al - khor sports club .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the alkharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and their ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow and aleksandr chumakov plays for the club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar club .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the russian football national league and plays for fc tom tom .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born in 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv in the turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki is the manager of fc dinamo batumi and is the manager of fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc spartak moscow .
akeem priestley plays for rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . which has a ground at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is a psychedelia fan .
aaron deer was created in the united states .
aaron turner is associated with the electroacoustic music genre and is a member of the twilight band .
aaron turner is a singer in the avant - garde metal genre .
abradab is associated with the magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
abradab was born in 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music and is stylistically derived from disco .
ace wilder ' s record label is warner music group and he was a solo singer .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and has the record label philips records .
rock music is a genre of bhangra music . alan frew is a rock musician .
alan frew is a rock music fan .
albennie jones is a jazz fan .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer who has a background in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is from the genre of rhythm and blues which is stylistically related to blues .
aleksandra kovac was active in the genre of soul music . she was born in 1990 .
alex day is a genre of synthpop which originated from the new wave .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background in milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa is from the taquirari genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is from the genre of zamba and is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was a solo singer who was a part of the genre of hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is an alternative rock musician .
phil lesh and friends and tab benoit are associated musical artists with anders osborne .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records .
anders osborne ' s record label is shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) was active in the genre of pop music . it was active in the year 2000 .
andra ( singer ) originates from the blues genre .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burnes .
jonathan mendelsohn and mark sixma are associated band members of andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white ( alternative rock ) is a musician who originated from the new wave .
banjo is an instrument used in the country music genre of country music .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label called polydor records .
the escape velocity of the vk8 is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres per second .
the minimum temperature of 410777 2009 fd is 211 . 0 kelvins and is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of 410777 2009 fd was spacewatch .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 0 . 0999 km / s .
the orbital period of 66391 ( 1999 kb4 ) is 16244700 . 0 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kb4 , which has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 , is from 2004 - 07 - 14 .
101 helena was the discoverer of james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometres ) and its apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed was walter baade who was born in the german empire .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed was walter baade from germany .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the periapsis of 1097 vica is 279142000000 . 0 .
the temperature of 109 felicitas is 170 . 0 kelvins and is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) long .
109 felicitas , which has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 , was published in 2006 .
109 felicitas , which was in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , was in the rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
the temperature of 10 hygiea is 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 10 hygiea is a900 ga .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 kilogram and was released in 2006 .
110 lydia was launched in 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a rosa luna is 125800 . 0 long and was ordered on 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which is located in germany .
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna is 25 , 000 long and has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and is powered by a diesel - electric transmission .
the rocket stages of alv x - 1 are 2 .
amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin in 1974 .
amc matador was designed by richard a teague who was employed by chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is 19 , 000 long and was made in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 is related to saab 9000 and was assembled in milan .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and was assembled in italy .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and was assembled in italy .
alvis speed 25 is manufactured by alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 is a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
alvis speed 25 , which has a transmission of single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , is powered by straight - six engine .
american motors is the successor to amc matador which was manufactured by american motors .
antares ( rocket ) was launched on 2014 - 01 - 09 at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where ara veinticinco de mayo is from .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of ariane 5 .
airbus group is the parent company of ariane 5 .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean of transportation and was assembled in the united kingdom .
aston martin v8 is the successor to aston martin v8 which was manufactured by aston martin .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage and is related to the aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is the successor to aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii was on march 16 , 1998 .
lockheed martin is the manufacturer of atlas ii which was launched at cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi and ducati .
audi a1 is manufactured by quattro gmbh .
douglas r oberhelman is the key person in aid aluna which is powered by a caterpillar inc .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in finland where the leader is juha sipila .
american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat .
the owner of mtu friedrichshafen is the rolls - royce holdings .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . aston martin v8 was assembled there .
