the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the elevation above the sea level in angola , indiana is 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california where the united states house of representatives is the leader .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation above sea level of 13 . 0 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn , alabama is in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s .
the capital of alpharetta , georgia is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
anaheim , california ( 657 , 714 ) has a population of 131 . 6 people and has the utc offset of - 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in angola , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives .
fort worth , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area total is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where auburn is located .
the capital of washington , which is part of the state of washington , is olympia , washington .
the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the largest city in the county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where attica , indiana is located .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and the county of attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . akron , ohio is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . where english is the language and native americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 people per square kilometre . the area of land in the city is 486 . 2 square kilometres and the area of land in the city is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is located in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is the language spoken in california .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has the utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 people per square kilometre , is lead by the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , king county , washington , united states . the capital of washington d . c . is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county , washington is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas which is the county seat and san marcos is the largest city in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol . chinese is the language spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city in texas is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate led by john sanchez . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . one of the ethnic groups in angola , indiana is the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the largest city in georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density of anderson , indiana is 523 . 9 people per square kilometre .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is led by california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is the language spoken in antioch , california .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is also the area code of 404 .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and has a population density of 783 . 1 people per square kilometre . it is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 people per square kilometre and the area is 77 . 41 square kilometres . auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , which is the largest city in williamson county , texas , which is also the county seat . english is the language of austin , texas .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas is houston .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . san marcos is the county seat .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , which is part of tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . american is an ethnic group in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of oregon .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is english and the americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
opelika , alabama is part of the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is also part of lee county , alabama , which is in alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the capital of trenton , new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where english is the language spoken . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the language is english and the ethnic group is asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
