pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the region of catalonia .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska comes from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding is served cold .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the region of indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is called aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
sumatra is an ethnic group in malaysia .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is one of the main ingredients of bacon explosion .
bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow is from singapore and contains palm sugar .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a food .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . banana is one of the main ingredients .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a dish .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which contains lettuce and contains the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert found in the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is tony tan and the language is english .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato which belongs to the order solanales .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and the batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra , where the ethnic group of malays is one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group and the bacon explosion originates from the united states .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt ( club sandwich ) which is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding is one of the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong in france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
tapioca , ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is popular in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients .
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken . the leader of france is francois hollande and the leader of france is gerard larcher .
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . the dish is found in la paz , iloilo city .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetables are an ingredient in it .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a flowering plant from the order solanales . sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico originates from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert dish .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the ethnic group is the ilocano people and the language is philippine spanish .
the zamboangans are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is the language . batchoy is a dish from the country .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish from the philippines where the language is philippine english and binignit is a dessert .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia but more specific to java .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and bacon muffin are all variations of the bacon sandwich .
manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon , a member of the genus rutaceae and a member of the order of rosids .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the indian people are the leaders and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dish from mexico where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . the dish is served as a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico can be served as a dessert .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , which is also found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore , where the javenese people are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the ethnic group is the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the country is philippine spanish .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken . susana diaz is the leader of the andalusia region .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . susana diaz is a spaniard .
