103 colmore row , completed in 1973 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the ethnic group is asian south africans and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , has a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres and 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the hotel has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the ethnic group is filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places in 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places in 1980 - 04 - 23 . it is located at avenue a in manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is gale brewer .
the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language spoken . joe biden is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the united states in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city of which is baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the president of turkey is the leader .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . where english is the language and native americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 people per square kilometre . the area of land in the city is 486 . 2 square kilometres and the area of land in the city is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is located in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is the language spoken in california .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has the utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 people per square kilometre , is lead by the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , king county , washington , united states . the capital of washington d . c . is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county , washington is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas which is the county seat and san marcos is the largest city in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol . chinese is the language spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city in texas is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate led by john sanchez . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . one of the ethnic groups in angola , indiana is the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
jens hartel is the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for carrarese calcio .
a . c . lumezzane ' s manager is michele marcolini who was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and has a ground in efxeinoupoli .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in stockport county f . c . and are led by the conservative party of the uk .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they play in warton , fylde , lancashire . they have 3180 members .
afc fylde ' s full name is association football club fylde and they played in the 2014 season . they have 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground at sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has jong ajax tenants .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is located in alagoas . they are the champions of vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr and is the manager of fc admira wacker modling . he also plays for sk vorwarts wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier " agr " and the icao location identifier " viag " .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation of al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle are the aircraft of the us air force .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 27 / buitenveldertbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas . tejano is a demonym in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . the capital city is austin , texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and its owner is the flemish region . the airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan . the airport is the hub of turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located at 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority led by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states . the airport is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and kurdish languages are spoken there .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is located in the city of broadcasting house and is owned by rona fairhead .
bananaman was created by steve bright and aired in 1983 - 10 - 03 . it starred jill shilling .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in the film big hero 6 .
ernie colon is a puerto rican national who created the comic character , bolt . he is the creator of the comic character , larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california . it was preceded by demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , has 512 pages and an isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the country .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the ethnic group is asian americans and the language is english .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the african americans .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group is asian americans .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language spoken in great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the crew of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was awarded 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . it is located in mumbai and offers tennis .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , is led by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania , where the capital city is bucharest . the leader of romania is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and the batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra , where the ethnic group of malays is one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group and the bacon explosion originates from the united states .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt ( club sandwich ) which is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding is one of the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong in france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
tapioca , ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is popular in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients .
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken . the leader of france is francois hollande and the leader of france is gerard larcher .
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . the dish is found in la paz , iloilo city .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetables are an ingredient in it .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a flowering plant from the order solanales . sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico originates from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert dish .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the ethnic group is the ilocano people and the language is philippine spanish .
the zamboangans are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is the language . batchoy is a dish from the country .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish from the philippines where the language is philippine english and binignit is a dessert .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who play in the 3 . liga . aaron hunt is a member of the club .
abel hernandez , who plays for hull city a . f . c . , is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the club penarol .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol and abel hernandez is a member of the penarol youth club .
abel hernandez , who plays for the u . s . citta di palermo , plays for the penarol youth club . the manager of u . s . citta di palermo is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island in 1986 . he weighed 94 . 8024 kg and was born in 1986 .
columbus blue jackets general manager don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins . adam mcquaid was drafted by the boston bruins .
akeem ayers , who was born in 1989 , was a former st . louis rams player who played for tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a former houston texans player .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons and played for the houston texans .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in alkharaitiyat sc . alkharaitiyat sc ' s ground is located in alkharaitiyat .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the iraq national under 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc , both of which are based in alkharaitiyat . the manager of alkharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 in crewe alexandra , scotland . he played for crewe alexandra f . c . and is 185 . 42 centimetres tall .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . he is 185cm tall .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is 185 centimetres tall . he played for fc spartak moscow and played for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv . he is 178cm tall .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and played for anyang halla . he is 1 . 9304 in height .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is inuktitut .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the ethnic group is the asian canadians .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is slavey .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny and aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov and valery petrakov are the owners of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 . the club ' s manager is valery petrakov and the club ' s chairman is aleksandr tukmanov .
akeem dent was a member of the atlanta falcons who played for houston texans who are located in houston , texas .
penarol play in the uruguayan primera division and are managed by steve bruce . abel hernandez was a player at hull city a . f . c . and played for them .
the orbital period of the 19255 ( vk8 ) is 8788850000 . 0 and its periapsis is 6603633000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 km / s and its orbital period is 360 . 29 days .
the orbit of the 66063 ( 1998 ) ro1 is 360 . 29 days and it has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
1000 piazzia , which was released in 2015 , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per second .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " and it was discovered on july 27th , 2015 . the discoverer was sergey belyavsky .
allan sandage graduated from the university of gottingen and walter baade was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin . he graduated from the university of michigan .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai on march 1st , 2001 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; it was launched on 26 november 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the escape velocity of 1089 tama is 0 . 0068 ( kilometre per second ) and its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days . it was released on november 26 , 2005 .
1097 vica is 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and weighs 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas , which was released in 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per second .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , was launched on july 27 , 2015 and has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the orbital period of 183309000 . 0 km / s .
the former name of 1101 clematis is " 1928 sj " and its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge , manufactured by dodge , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission . it has a 120 . 0 inch wheelbase .
chrysler newport is the manufacturer of desoto custom which is related to desoto firedome which is the successor to desoto custom which was manufactured by desoto .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is the operator of aida cruises which is the builder of aid astella which is operated by aida cruises .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres . it was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa cociere .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of the alco rs - 3 is a v12 engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was built in may 1950 - august 1956 .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york in the united states . it was the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 , which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of the alco rs - 3 is v12 powered .
alco rs - 3 , built in may 1950 , has a cylinder count of 12 and was built by montreal locomotive works . it was built in august 1956 and has a four - stroke engine .
amc matador , which has a body style of station wagon and amc v8 engine , is also known as american motors matador .
amc matador is a mid - sized car and has the amc straight - 6 engine . amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
marysville , ohio is the location of the assembly of acura tlx which has a layout of all - wheel drive and a honda k engine .
marysville auto plant is the location of the assembly of acura tlx , which has a v6 engine and a front - engine layout .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 and is in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in helsinki , finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to saab 9000 and has the same engine as alfa romeo 164 which is also related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and has a v6 engine . it was assembled in italy and has a fiat croma engine .
alhambra , which has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 , is a wrecked ship .
alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor to alvis car and engineering company which was founded by rover .
alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor to alvis car and engineering company which was founded by rover .
the amc matador is a successor to the american motors which was manufactured by american motors and is owned by roy d chapin , jr .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and launched on january 25th 1969 . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a launch speed of 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which was launched in 1969 , has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on october 28 , 2014 and was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on april 21 , 2013 and was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the aston martin v8 is a successor to the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin . the capital city of the united kingdom is london .
the aston martin v8 is related to the aston martin dbs and is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin and has an engine of 5 . 3 litres .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was launched at vandenberg air force base on may 5 , 2002 . it was launched from cape canaveral air force base .
the audi a1 , which has a layout of front - engine , front - wheel drive , and has an engine of 1 . 2 litres , is made in audi brussels .
the audi a1 , which was founded by august horch and ducati , is manufactured by audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . is powered by a caterpillar inc .
meyer werft and aida cruises are the operators of aid astella which was built by aida cruises and is located in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
antares is similar to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 in the united states .
fiat croma is related to opel vectra and is a fiat croma related to opel vectra . alfa rome 164 is a fiat croma related to fiat croma .
fiat croma is related to opel vectra and is a fiat croma related to the opel vectra . alfa romeo 164 has a sedan body style .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat in the city of groton , connecticut . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock in germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
brian robertson is a member of the suburban legends and is associated with the band suburban legends . aaron bertram is a ska punk associated with the band kids imagine nation .
aaron deer , who was born in indianapolis , is a psychedelia fan . he was a solo singer .
aaron turner is associated with the genre of electroacoustic music and is a member of the band isis and the associated band sumac .
old man gloom is associated with aaron turner who is active in the genre of post - metal . he was active in the band twilight in 1995 .
aaron turner is associated with the genre of black metal and has played the instrument of the electric guitar . he is also associated with the genre of sumac band .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
the birth year of ace wilder was 1982 and he was born in stockholm . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and is a solo singer . he is a songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is a non - performing personnel song from washington , d . c . and originates from the united states .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll band from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the origin of the band is blues .
albennie jones , who was active in 1950 , was a member of the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group . he is a jazz fan .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer born in belgrade in 1972 . she was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer . she is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
chameleon circuit is an acoustic music band associated with the chameleon circuit . they have been active since 2006 and have been associated with charlie mcdonnell .
chameleon circuit ( band ) is associated with the electronic music genre and has been active for 2006 . alex day was active in the band from 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in 1872 and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and has a record label rca records . he is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with bajik and has been active in folk music since 1963 . she has been active in folk music since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , who is associated with head south weaving , is active in folk music . she was born in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , fort campbell , in 1981 . he is a solo singer .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . he is a solo singer .
marry banilow is associated with the alternative rock genre nu metal . andrew white is a musician associated with the band marry banilow .
billy iuso and tab benoit are associated bands in the genre of rock music . anders osborne is a member of this band .
anders osborne ' s record label is shanachie records and he is the record label for blues . he is also the record label for blues .
andra ( singer ) was born in romania and has a background in singing . she is now a solo singer .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues and is a derivative of blues and disco . it is also a derivative of blues and disco .
andrew rayel , who is associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was active in the trance music genre from 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are associated bands in the house music genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of this band .
marry banilow is one of the bands associated with andrew white who is active in the alternative rock genre . he was active in the band kaiser chiefs from 2003 .
marry banilow is one of the associated bands of andrew white who was active in 2003 . he has a record label called universal records and is associated with the band kaiser chiefs .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion and the leader of paraguay is juan afara . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the wildweeds , a genre of country music . he is a member of the band banjo .
hip hop music is a style of music originating from the disco genre . hip hop is a derivative of hip hop and has the stylistic origin of disco . allen forrest is a funk fan .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , where the labour party is the leader . manchester is part of greater manchester .
aaron turner is associated with house of low culture and is a post - metal musician . he is a member of the associated band , twilight ( band ) .
the black metal band twilight ( band ) is associated with the death metal genre of death metal . their instrument is the electric guitar . they also have an associated band called the electric guitar .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . one of the genres of blues is rhythm and blues .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and works for the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . ab klink is affiliated to the association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a party member of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak . adenan satem is now the party of barisan raayat jati sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian army and served as a vice president . mike akhigbe was the successor to oladipo diya and atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served as vice president of the nigerian air force , was the successor to oladipo diya and al - amin daggash . mike akhigbe was the predecessor to al - amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is the successor to francisco franco who was the predecessor to juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and was a member of the spanish socialist workers party . he served as minister of transport .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he is a us national and his spouse is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . he fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin is the commander of the polish - soviet war .
adam koc , who fought in the polish - soviet war , died in new york city . joseph stalin was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
makis voridis is the vice - president of new democracy and adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was appointed as the successor to makis voridis in the ministry of economy , development and tourism in greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was the successor to makis voridis and is now the member of the hellenic parliament .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by emile roemer . the country ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the socialist party is a political party and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant worked for house of representatives in the netherlands .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte and is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . red is the colour of the party .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 and died in 1979 .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was part of the royal artillery . the commander of the royal artillery was chiang kai - shek .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and died in 1905 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . he was born in the united states and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the justicialist party and alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a provisional president of the argentine senate . he is now the successor to isaac rojas .
governor alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and served as the governor of north carolina . his successor is daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army and fought in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was also the successor to albert e . austin .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , became the governor of texas and became the successor to governor price daniel .
allan shivers , jr . was born in lufkin , texas and served as the governor of texas . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin ' s office is located in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party , which is led by daniel webster . the leader of vermont is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war . robert e . lee was the commander of the conflict .
alberto teisaire in office while president is juan peron who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as president of the country ' s labour party . he was succeeded by juan peron .
