april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman . (id1)
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc . (id2)
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich . (id3)
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway . (id4)
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is " bo bibbowski " . (id5)
bill oddie was born in lancashire . (id6)
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate . (id7)
john buscema was awarded the eisner award . (id8)
karl kesel is an american . (id9)
marv wolfman won the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award (id10)
peter laird is a united states national . (id11)
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois . (id12)
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is a us national . (id13)
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc . (id14)
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv . (id15)
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman . (id16)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk . (id17)
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit . (id18)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle . (id19)
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich and he was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie . (id20)
marv wolfman and jerry ordway are the creators of bibbo bibbowski . (id21)
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski and he was created by marv wolfman . (id22)
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo . (id23)
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc from 1986 - 04 - 15 . (id24)
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) starring scott adsit . (id25)
big hero 6 ( film ) stars scott adsit and features baymax . (id26)
big hero 6 ( film ) stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures . (id27)
blockbuster ( comics character ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino . (id28)
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn . (id29)
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and gary cohn . (id30)
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is located in the city of broadcasting house and is owned by rona fairhead . (id31)
bananaman was created by steve bright and aired in 1983 - 10 - 03 . it starred jill shilling . (id32)
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in the film big hero 6 . (id33)
ernie colon is a puerto rican national who created the comic character , bolt . he is the creator of the comic character , larry bolatinsky . (id34)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and alan tudyk in the us . duncan rouleau is an american . (id35)
