abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 29 " .
the atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transit authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the demonym of denmark is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue is a postmodern architecture style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the building started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is called mulatu teshome .
the indian people are the inhabitants of india .
the los angeles herald - examiner is julia morgan ' s significant building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is a print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
the academic discipline of the addiction journal is addiction .
english is the language of aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is called mathematics .
castle is in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux ' s parent company is macmillan publishing .
a glastonbury romance is one of john cowper powys work .
soho press is located in the united states .
the book the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron metro futbol club summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has to its northwest mahe .
mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
the backup pilot of apollo 8 was buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate .
john buscema was awarded the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award
peter laird is a united states national .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the elevation above the sea level in angola , indiana is 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the region of catalonia .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska comes from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding is served cold .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the region of indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is called aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
sumatra is an ethnic group in malaysia .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
aaron daggett won the purple heart award .
aaron daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the office of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud is a party member of the parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor to sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state .
abner w . sibal was active in 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
adenan satem is at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
antonis samaras is the prime minister of adonis georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis is the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was active in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n phillips is the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was active in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel is the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a whig party member .
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the commander of the gulf war was colin powell .
dwight d eisenhower was the predecessor of john f kennedy .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
francisco franco was the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain .
juan peron is a member of the labour party in argentina .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought the spanish - american war .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name of dodge coronet is " dodge coronet " .
the engine of the 1955 dodge is 230 cubic inches .
a rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 .
aid astella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aid astella maiden voyage was 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
amc matador is called " american motors matador " .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is powered by straight - four engine .
acura tlx is powered by the honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is related to honda accord .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 was assembled by arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema .
the transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
samuda brothers are the builders of alhambra .
the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
the status of alhambra is " wrecked " .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
straight - six engine is the engine of alvis speed 25 .
the model of alvis speed 25 was made in 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
antares ( rocket ) was final flight of 2014 - 10 - 28 .
antares ( rocket ) was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
the launch site for ariane 5 is guiana space centre .
the maiden flight of ariane 5 was on 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the body style of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
aston martin is the manufacturer of aston martin virage .
the final flight of atlas ii was on march 16 , 1998 .
atlas ii was launched at vandenberg afb .
august horch founded audi .
the assembly of audi a1 was audi brussels .
audi a1 is related to seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa rica ' s location is in genoa .
desoto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
fiat croma is related to alfa rome 164 .
germans are the inhabitants of germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarter of guiana space centre is kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
the united states ' anthem is the star - spangled banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was a former atlanta falcons player .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies .
al hor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin played for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scottish national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was a youth club at a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus played in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the city of atlanta .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
the language of canada is the slavey language .
columbus blue jackets are located in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish is spoken in finland .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell fc ' s ground is fir park .
jean michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
nashville , tennessee is the city of tennessee titans .
aaron bertram was active in 1998 .
aaron deer is associated with the horns of happiness .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is a genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a progressive metal fan .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born in 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop song .
agustin barboza is a genre of guarania music .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is a rock musician .
sammy price is associated with albennie jones .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is from the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is soul music .
alex day is a genre of synthpop .
hector numa moraes is associated with alfredo zitarrosa .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is jazz .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born in 1981 .
allen forrest is a pop musician .
alligator records is located in chicago .
johnny sansone is an associated musician .
anders osborne is from the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne ' s record label is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
marry banilow is associated with the musician andrew white .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns ' instrument is a guitar .
hip hop music includes gangsta rap .
hip hop music originated from the funk style .
the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
the distribution company for rca records is sony music entertainment .
rock and roll originated from the blues .
synthpop originated from pop music .
the british people are the inhabitants of the united kingdom .
the density of the vk8 is 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
the discoverer of 29075 1950 da was carl a . wirtanen .
the absolute magnitude of 410777 is 22 . 1 .
410777 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres )
the apoapsis of the 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 was released in 2013 .
1000 piazzia ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per second .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena was published in 2006 .
101 helena is 3 . 0 kilogram .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 km per second .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
103 hera is 7 . 9 kg .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
107 camilla was the discoverer of a storrs .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 days .
the average speed of 1097 vica is 17 . 92 km per second .
1097 vica was published in 2006 .
the rotation period of 1097 vica is 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas was the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of
109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was published in 2006 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
