pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . (id1)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce . (id2)
arros negre contains white rice . (id3)
arros negre is from the region of catalonia . (id4)
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community . (id5)
ayam penyet is from singapore . (id6)
tomato is an ingredient in blt . (id7)
baked alaska comes from the hong kong region . (id8)
bakewell pudding is served cold . (id9)
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish . (id10)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa . (id11)
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region . (id12)
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g . (id13)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id14)
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce . (id15)
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy . (id16)
beef kway teow is from the region of indonesia . (id17)
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji . (id18)
taro is an ingredient in binignit . (id19)
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico . (id20)
bionico is from the jalisco region . (id21)
chicken is a bird . (id22)
the currency of india is the indian rupee . (id23)
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india . (id24)
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia . (id25)
the leader of jalisco is called aristoteles sandoval . (id26)
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java . (id27)
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id28)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico . (id29)
spanish is the language of new york . (id30)
shumai is from china . (id31)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay . (id32)
sumatra is an ethnic group in malaysia . (id33)
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom . (id34)
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy . (id35)
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . (id36)
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken . (id37)
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella . (id38)
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy . (id39)
arros negre is from the valencian community in spain . (id40)
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id41)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . (id42)
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich . (id43)
sausage is one of the main ingredients of bacon explosion . (id44)
bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin . (id45)
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich . (id46)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france . (id47)
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader . (id48)
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id49)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves . (id50)
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso . (id51)
celery is an ingredient in bakso . (id52)
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish . (id53)
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader . (id54)
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia . (id55)
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce . (id56)
beef kway teow is from singapore and contains palm sugar . (id57)
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a food . (id58)
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id59)
bhajji is a dish from india where the indian people are the inhabitants . (id60)
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader . (id61)
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id62)
binignit is a dish from the philippines . banana is one of the main ingredients . (id63)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . (id64)
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food . (id65)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara . (id66)
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a cake . (id67)
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a dish . (id68)
batagor is a variation of shumai . (id69)
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy . (id70)
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings . (id71)
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants . (id72)
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome . (id73)
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome . (id74)
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce . (id75)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria . (id76)
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group . (id77)
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which contains lettuce and contains the club sandwich . (id78)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and white americans are an ethnic group . (id79)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . (id80)
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which includes bread . (id81)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york . (id82)
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro . (id83)
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states . (id84)
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . (id85)
bakewell pudding is a dessert found in the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . (id86)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs . (id87)
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia . (id88)
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia . (id89)
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia . (id90)
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders . (id91)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id92)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id93)
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan . (id94)
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia . (id95)
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia . (id96)
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan . (id97)
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish . (id98)
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . (id99)
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish . (id100)
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . (id101)
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert . (id102)
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . (id103)
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . (id104)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader . (id105)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group . (id106)
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is tony tan and the language is english . (id107)
amatriciana sauce contains tomato which belongs to the order solanales . (id108)
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil . (id109)
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella . (id110)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id111)
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers . (id112)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the parliament of catalonia . (id113)
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and the batak are ethnic groups . (id114)
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra , where the ethnic group of malays is one of the ethnic groups . (id115)
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states . (id116)
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group and the bacon explosion originates from the united states . (id117)
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt ( club sandwich ) which is a variation of the bacon sandwich . (id118)
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich . (id119)
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is also a dessert . (id120)
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from paris , new york or hong kong . (id121)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding is one of the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong in france , united states or china . (id122)
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from the united states . (id123)
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . (id124)
tapioca , ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is popular in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries . (id125)
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients . (id126)
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa . (id127)
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon . (id128)
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken . the leader of france is francois hollande and the leader of france is gerard larcher . (id129)
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia . (id130)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . the dish is found in la paz , iloilo city . (id131)
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . (id132)
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id133)
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . (id134)
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil . (id135)
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetables are an ingredient in it . (id136)
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id137)
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a flowering plant from the order solanales . sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit . (id138)
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago . (id139)
bionico originates from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola . (id140)
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients . (id141)
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert dish . (id142)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient in bakso . (id143)
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan . (id144)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the ethnic group is the ilocano people and the language is philippine spanish . (id145)
the zamboangans are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is the language . batchoy is a dish from the country . (id146)
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english . (id147)
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish from the philippines where the language is philippine english and binignit is a dessert . (id148)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia but more specific to java . (id149)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese . (id150)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays . (id151)
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays . (id152)
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group . (id153)
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage . (id154)
paul ryan is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id155)
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and bacon muffin are all variations of the bacon sandwich . (id156)
manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . baked alaska is from the region of hong kong . (id157)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon , a member of the genus rutaceae and a member of the order of rosids . (id158)
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader of france . (id159)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai . (id160)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of shumai . (id161)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay . (id162)
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id163)
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the indian people are the inhabitants . (id164)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the indian people are the leaders and sumitra mahajan is the leader . (id165)
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id166)
bionico is a dish from mexico where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . the dish is served as a dessert . (id167)
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico can be served as a dessert . (id168)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader . (id169)
matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy . (id170)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini . (id171)
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy . (id172)
ayam penyet is a dish from java , which is also found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken . (id173)
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore , where the javenese people are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english . (id174)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the ethnic group is the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the country is philippine spanish . (id175)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken . susana diaz is the leader of the andalusia region . (id176)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . susana diaz is a spaniard . (id177)
