abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 29 " .
the atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transit authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the demonym of denmark is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae , a class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is one of the aircraft of the usaf .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the aircraft fighter is the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the demonym of texas is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party ( spain ) is the political party in that country .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier " agr " and the icao location identifier " viag " .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation of al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle are the aircraft of the us air force .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 27 / buitenveldertbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas . tejano is a demonym in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . the capital city is austin , texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and its owner is the flemish region . the airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan . the airport is the hub of turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located at 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority led by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states . the airport is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and kurdish languages are spoken there .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region , where the faroese language is spoken . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and an icao location identifier of viag . it is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . it has the lockheed ac - 130 and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . the united states air force has the transport aircraft , the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are the transport aircraft of the united states air force .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the runway name is 08 / 26 and is 733 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . it serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located at icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the capital city is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york in the united states . the airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid in essex county , new york . it is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force . it is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the language is arabic .
