the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 . (id1)
carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania . (id2)
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id3)
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan . (id4)
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " . (id5)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id6)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland . (id7)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id8)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti . (id9)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland is the location of the monument . (id10)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland . (id11)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti . (id12)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade . (id13)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir . (id14)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the united states in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id15)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade . (id16)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city of which is baku . (id17)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . (id18)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is made of bronze . (id19)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the president of turkey is the leader . (id20)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id21)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland and to the northwest of frederick county , maryland . (id22)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id23)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id24)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ankara is the largest city in turkey . (id25)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id26)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in adams county , pennsylvania , west of franklin county , maryland , and south of cumberland county , pennsylvania . (id27)
the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . (id28)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id29)
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states . (id30)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze . (id31)
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the capital city of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu . (id32)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ankara is the largest city in turkey and the ataturk monument is located in istanbul . (id33)
