abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 29 " .
the atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transit authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the demonym of denmark is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue is a postmodern architecture style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the building started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is called mulatu teshome .
the indian people are the inhabitants of india .
the los angeles herald - examiner is julia morgan ' s significant building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is a print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
the academic discipline of the addiction journal is addiction .
english is the language of aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is called mathematics .
castle is in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux ' s parent company is macmillan publishing .
a glastonbury romance is one of john cowper powys work .
soho press is located in the united states .
the book the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron metro futbol club summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has to its northwest mahe .
mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
the backup pilot of apollo 8 was buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate .
john buscema was awarded the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award
peter laird is a united states national .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the elevation above the sea level in angola , indiana is 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the region of catalonia .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska comes from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding is served cold .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the region of indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is called aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
sumatra is an ethnic group in malaysia .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california where the united states house of representatives is the leader .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation above sea level of 13 . 0 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn , alabama is in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is one of the main ingredients of bacon explosion .
bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow is from singapore and contains palm sugar .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a food .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . banana is one of the main ingredients .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a dish .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae , a class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground of gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is livorno and they play in the serie b league .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium in athens .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst which is the tenant of jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground in gubbio , umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the book 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
the eissn number for aip advances is 2158 .
j v jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which is in print .
a fortress of grey ice has an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is 672 pages long .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was founded by julius springer and is published by springer science + business media .
the novel alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , has the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the leader of kerala is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is a us national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich and he was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway are the creators of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski and he was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born in 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and died .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena is populous .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the architectural style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and its floor count is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of the republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
alan bean , who was born in wheeler , texas , is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states . he graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english and is preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 1473 - 5571 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
stanford university is the alma mater of a . t . charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j v jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and follows aenir which was followed by above the veil .
garth nix wrote aenir which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and is an academic discipline .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written in english , is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and a oclc number of 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mccune founded the administrative science quarterly which was published by sage publications . the issn number is " 0001 - 8392 " .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and the ethnic group is african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa . they play in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . fylde is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and it has 19238 members . it is located in livorno , italy .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are the champions of the league .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece which has olympiacos f . c . as its champions .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for the u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g jackson .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena , completed in december 2008 , is hok sve .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
mason school of business is located in the united states and alan b . miller hall was started on 30 march 2007 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . her significant building is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in california and was the architect of chinatown san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th of february 1987 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin designed 103 colmore row which is located in birmingham , uk .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country ' s leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in bethesda , maryland . bill marriott is the key person at the hotel .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s .
the capital of alpharetta , georgia is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
anaheim , california ( 657 , 714 ) has a population of 131 . 6 people and has the utc offset of - 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in angola , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives .
fort worth , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area total is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where auburn is located .
the capital of washington , which is part of the state of washington , is olympia , washington .
the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the largest city in the county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where attica , indiana is located .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and the county of attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . akron , ohio is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is one of the aircraft of the usaf .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the aircraft fighter is the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the demonym of texas is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party ( spain ) is the political party in that country .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland is the location of the monument .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which contains lettuce and contains the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert found in the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is tony tan and the language is english .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato which belongs to the order solanales .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india , has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which is led by kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc from 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) starring scott adsit .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars scott adsit and features baymax .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
blockbuster ( comics character ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row , completed in 1973 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the ethnic group is asian south africans and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , has a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres and 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the hotel has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the ethnic group is filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places in 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places in 1980 - 04 - 23 . it is located at avenue a in manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is gale brewer .
the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language spoken . joe biden is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the united states in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city of which is baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the president of turkey is the leader .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . where english is the language and native americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 people per square kilometre . the area of land in the city is 486 . 2 square kilometres and the area of land in the city is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is located in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is the language spoken in california .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has the utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 people per square kilometre , is lead by the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , king county , washington , united states . the capital of washington d . c . is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county , washington is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas which is the county seat and san marcos is the largest city in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol . chinese is the language spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city in texas is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate led by john sanchez . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . one of the ethnic groups in angola , indiana is the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
jens hartel is the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for carrarese calcio .
a . c . lumezzane ' s manager is michele marcolini who was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and has a ground in efxeinoupoli .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in stockport county f . c . and are led by the conservative party of the uk .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they play in warton , fylde , lancashire . they have 3180 members .
afc fylde ' s full name is association football club fylde and they played in the 2014 season . they have 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground at sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has jong ajax tenants .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is located in alagoas . they are the champions of vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr and is the manager of fc admira wacker modling . he also plays for sk vorwarts wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier " agr " and the icao location identifier " viag " .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation of al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle are the aircraft of the us air force .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 27 / buitenveldertbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas . tejano is a demonym in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . the capital city is austin , texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and its owner is the flemish region . the airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan . the airport is the hub of turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located at 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority led by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states . the airport is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and kurdish languages are spoken there .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is located in the city of broadcasting house and is owned by rona fairhead .
bananaman was created by steve bright and aired in 1983 - 10 - 03 . it starred jill shilling .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in the film big hero 6 .
ernie colon is a puerto rican national who created the comic character , bolt . he is the creator of the comic character , larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california . it was preceded by demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , has 512 pages and an isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the country .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the ethnic group is asian americans and the language is english .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the african americans .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group is asian americans .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language spoken in great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the crew of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was awarded 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . it is located in mumbai and offers tennis .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , is led by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania , where the capital city is bucharest . the leader of romania is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and the batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra , where the ethnic group of malays is one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group and the bacon explosion originates from the united states .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt ( club sandwich ) which is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding is one of the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong in france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
tapioca , ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is popular in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients .
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken . the leader of france is francois hollande and the leader of france is gerard larcher .
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . the dish is found in la paz , iloilo city .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetables are an ingredient in it .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a flowering plant from the order solanales . sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico originates from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert dish .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the ethnic group is the ilocano people and the language is philippine spanish .
the zamboangans are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is the language . batchoy is a dish from the country .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish from the philippines where the language is philippine english and binignit is a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette and the grantville gazette ii .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , ithaca , new york . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the book was written in the english language .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the violet keystone , aenir , castle and above the veil were all novels in the country of australia . they were followed by into battle ( novel ) and above the veil ( novel ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group are asian americans . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the language spoken is english . the country is also home to the asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 : the galileo affair was written in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where the capital is washington d . c . and where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is called the president and the ethnic group is asian americans . the language spoken in great britain is english .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the largest city in georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density of anderson , indiana is 523 . 9 people per square kilometre .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is led by california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is the language spoken in antioch , california .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is also the area code of 404 .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and has a population density of 783 . 1 people per square kilometre . it is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 people per square kilometre and the area is 77 . 41 square kilometres . auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , which is the largest city in williamson county , texas , which is also the county seat . english is the language of austin , texas .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas is houston .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . san marcos is the county seat .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , which is part of tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . american is an ethnic group in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of oregon .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is english and the americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
opelika , alabama is part of the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is also part of lee county , alabama , which is in alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the capital of trenton , new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where english is the language spoken . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the language is english and the ethnic group is asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland and to the northwest of frederick county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ankara is the largest city in turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . brussels is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and alan tudyk in the us . duncan rouleau is an american .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and michele marcolini is a member of the f . c . bari 1908 club .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where s . s . robur siena and a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the olympic stadium is located in marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italian is the language spoken in italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia but more specific to java .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and bacon muffin are all variations of the bacon sandwich .
manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon , a member of the genus rutaceae and a member of the order of rosids .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the indian people are the leaders and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dish from mexico where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . the dish is served as a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico can be served as a dessert .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , which is also found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore , where the javenese people are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the ethnic group is the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the country is philippine spanish .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken . susana diaz is the leader of the andalusia region .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . susana diaz is a spaniard .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a test pilot and retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a member of the apollo 14 crew . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , died in california where senator dianne feinstein is a member of the california legislature .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region , where the faroese language is spoken . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and an icao location identifier of viag . it is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . it has the lockheed ac - 130 and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . the united states air force has the transport aircraft , the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are the transport aircraft of the united states air force .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the runway name is 08 / 26 and is 733 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . it serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located at icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the capital city is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york in the united states . the airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid in essex county , new york . it is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force . it is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the language is arabic .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago , illinois .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in denmark where marriott international was founded .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in denmark , where the greenlandic language is spoken . the hotel is located in washington d . c . and was founded by bill marriott .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in denmark is the marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language spoken there is greenlandic .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor which is located in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of the addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has a floor count of 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group .
robert a . m . stern is the architect of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . gujarat is lead by the legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital city is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco and who designed the significant building of los angeles herald examiner and the significant building of asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . she was the architect of the asilomar state beach and the major building of the asilomar state beach is the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr . and the city is part of manhattan .
the leader of birmingham is john clancy ( labour politician ) who was born in birmingham . the city council is the governing body of birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b postcode area .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . barack obama is the leader of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in adams county , pennsylvania , west of franklin county , maryland , and south of cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th of march 1932 . he was a test pilot and retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean was born in new york and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alan bean retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . he was a fighter pilot and was a backup pilot to william anders .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and alan shepard died in california where the smilodon fossil was found .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st 1969 . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot was buzz aldrin and the crew included frank borman .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the church of denmark is the religion of denmark .
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala in india . the leader of india is kochi and the largest city is mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the capital city is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the capital city of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ankara is the largest city in turkey and the ataturk monument is located in istanbul .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the federal chancellor of switzerland is the leader .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in telangana , karnataka , karnataka , india . it was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai , karnataka , karnataka , india . it is located to the west of telangana and the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital city is bucharest and the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association and was established in 1928 . the dean is thomas pallesen and the academic staff size is 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the magistrate lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen and the number of students is 16 , 000 .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin with a b . s . in 1955 . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa and was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
william anders was born on october 17 , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member .
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and retired on september 1st 1969 .
aaron daggett won the purple heart award .
aaron daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
tuanku bujang tuanku othman is the office of abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud is a party member of the parti bumiputera sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor to sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdulsalami abubakar was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state .
abner w . sibal was active in 1965 - 01 - 03 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend .
adenan satem is at the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
antonis samaras is the prime minister of adonis georgiadis .
adonis georgiadis is the deputy minister for development , competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave was active in 1953 - 06 - 30 .
airey neave won the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave is a lieutenant colonel .
airey neave was started in 1935 .
albert b . white is a republican party member .
the spouse of albert b . white is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain is a military branch of the union army .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
alfred moore scales was active in 1875 - 03 - 04 .
alfred moore scales fought in battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n phillips is the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers was active in 1947 - 01 - 21 .
allan shivers served in the united states army .
price daniel is the successor of allan shivers .
alvah sabin was active in 1853 - 03 - 04 .
alvah sabin is a whig party member .
the commander of the american civil war was robert e . lee .
austrian german is spoken in austria .
robert e . lee is the commander of the battle of antietam .
battle of cold harbor was part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
the commander of the gulf war was colin powell .
dwight d eisenhower was the predecessor of john f kennedy .
josef klaus attended the university of vienna .
francisco franco was the predecessor of juan carlos i of spain .
juan peron is a member of the labour party in argentina .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought the spanish - american war .
william m o dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
the alternative name of dodge coronet is " dodge coronet " .
the engine of the 1955 dodge is 230 cubic inches .
a rosa luna was christened on 2005 - 04 - 07 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 .
aid astella was completed on 2013 - 03 - 11 .
aid astella maiden voyage was 2013 - 03 - 17 .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
amc matador is called " american motors matador " .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) was sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948 .
abarth 1000 gt coupe is powered by straight - four engine .
acura tlx is powered by the honda k engine .
the layout of acura tlx is awd ( vehicle ) .
acura tlx is related to honda accord .
the transmission of acura tlx is 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic ( v6 ) .
alfa romeo 164 was assembled by arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema .
the transmission of alfa romeo 164 is 4 - speed automatic ( zf 4hp18qe ) .
samuda brothers are the builders of alhambra .
the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
the status of alhambra is " wrecked " .
the top speed of alhambra is 18 . 52 .
straight - six engine is the engine of alvis speed 25 .
the model of alvis speed 25 was made in 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
antares ( rocket ) was final flight of 2014 - 10 - 28 .
antares ( rocket ) was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
the launch site for ariane 5 is guiana space centre .
the maiden flight of ariane 5 was on 2005 - 08 - 11 .
the body style of aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin v8 is manufactured by aston martin .
aston martin is the manufacturer of aston martin virage .
the final flight of atlas ii was on march 16 , 1998 .
atlas ii was launched at vandenberg afb .
august horch founded audi .
the assembly of audi a1 was audi brussels .
audi a1 is related to seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa rica ' s location is in genoa .
desoto custom is related to the chrysler newport .
fiat croma is related to alfa rome 164 .
germans are the inhabitants of germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarter of guiana space centre is kourou , french guiana .
honda k engine is manufactured by honda .
the united states ' anthem is the star - spangled banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was a former atlanta falcons player .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies .
al hor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin played for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scottish national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was a youth club at a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus played in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the city of atlanta .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
the language of canada is the slavey language .
columbus blue jackets are located in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish is spoken in finland .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell fc ' s ground is fir park .
jean michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
nashville , tennessee is the city of tennessee titans .
aaron bertram was active in 1998 .
aaron deer is associated with the horns of happiness .
aaron deer ' s record label is kill rock stars .
aaron turner is a genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a progressive metal fan .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born in 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is a hip hop song .
agustin barboza is a genre of guarania music .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is a rock musician .
sammy price is associated with albennie jones .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is from the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is soul music .
alex day is a genre of synthpop .
hector numa moraes is associated with alfredo zitarrosa .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell ' s genre is jazz .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born in 1981 .
allen forrest is a pop musician .
alligator records is located in chicago .
johnny sansone is an associated musician .
anders osborne is from the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne ' s record label is alligator records .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was active in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artist christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
marry banilow is associated with the musician andrew white .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label b - unique records .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns ' instrument is a guitar .
hip hop music includes gangsta rap .
hip hop music originated from the funk style .
the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the style of the
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
the distribution company for rca records is sony music entertainment .
rock and roll originated from the blues .
synthpop originated from pop music .
the british people are the inhabitants of the united kingdom .
the density of the vk8 is 2 . 0 grams per cubic centimetre .
the discoverer of 29075 1950 da was carl a . wirtanen .
the absolute magnitude of 410777 is 22 . 1 .
410777 2009 fd is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres )
the apoapsis of the 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 .
( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 was released in 2013 .
1000 piazzia ' s escape velocity is 0 . 0252 km per second .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
the maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165 . 0 kelvins .
the apoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena was published in 2006 .
101 helena is 3 . 0 kilogram .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 km per second .
103 hera has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
103 hera is 7 . 9 kg .
the absolute magnitude of 107 camilla is 7 . 08 .
107 camilla was the discoverer of a storrs .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 days .
the average speed of 1097 vica is 17 . 92 km per second .
1097 vica was published in 2006 .
the rotation period of 1097 vica is 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas was the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of the discoverer of
109 felicitas is 283326000000 . 0 .
the average speed of 10 hygiea is 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
the periapsis of 1101 clematis is 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was published in 2006 .
the temperature of 11264 claudiomaccone is 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
aaron s daggett was awarded the purple heart for his battle at gettysburg .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub and is the deputy of stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and attended the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and attended the technical institute of kaduna .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the office of abdulsalami abubakar who was born in nigeria .
the chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was the successor to al - amin daggash .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was active in 1999 - 05 - 29 .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office while vice president mike akhigbe .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of world war ii .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army who fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway ' s residence is gravesend and he was born in kent .
adam koc was awarded the award virtuti militari .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary leader .
airey neave was awarded a military cross .
airey neave fought in the battle of france and was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 .
hugo sperrle is the commander of airey neave .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii . the commander of world war ii was franklin roosevelt .
airey neave fought in world war ii where joseph stalin was the commander .
albert b . white was born in 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
edmund j davis was the vice president of albert jennings fountain in new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and attended the republican party in the united states .
alberto teisaire was the provisional president of the argentine senate and his successor is isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria .
the governor of north carolina is james w . reid and alfred moore scales is the successor to alfred moore scales .
the successor to alfred moore scales is daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked for the united states house of representatives .
the united states army fought the american civil war and is the branch of the u . s . army .
the commander of world war ii was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
allan shivers was the successor of ben ramsey and worked as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the office of the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
abel hernandez plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and is a member of the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin fc and al shorta sc .
akeem adams is a member of ferencvarosi tc who are managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem ayers was drafted by the new england patriots and played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was a former tennessee titans player .
akeem dent was born on september 27 , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and is affiliated with the club of sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and plays for sheikh russel kc .
the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al - khor and is owned by al - khor sports club .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the alkharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and their ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow and aleksandr chumakov plays for the club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar club .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the russian football national league and plays for fc tom tom .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born in 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv in the turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki is the manager of fc dinamo batumi and is the manager of fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc spartak moscow .
akeem priestley plays for rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . which has a ground at palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer is a psychedelia fan .
aaron deer was created in the united states .
aaron turner is associated with the electroacoustic music genre and is a member of the twilight band .
aaron turner is a singer in the avant - garde metal genre .
abradab is associated with the magik ( rapper ) and kaliber 44 .
abradab was born in 1978 in katowice .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
ace wilder ' s genre is hip hop music and is stylistically derived from disco .
ace wilder ' s record label is warner music group and he was a solo singer .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and has the record label philips records .
rock music is a genre of bhangra music . alan frew is a rock musician .
alan frew is a rock music fan .
albennie jones is a jazz fan .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer who has a background in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac is from the genre of rhythm and blues which is stylistically related to blues .
aleksandra kovac was active in the genre of soul music . she was born in 1990 .
alex day is a genre of synthpop which originated from the new wave .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background in milonga music .
alfredo zitarrosa is from the taquirari genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is from the genre of zamba and is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ' s instrument is the voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was a solo singer who was a part of the genre of hip hop music .
andrew white ( musician ) is an alternative rock musician .
phil lesh and friends and tab benoit are associated musical artists with anders osborne .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records .
anders osborne ' s record label is shanachie records .
andra ( singer ) was active in the genre of pop music . it was active in the year 2000 .
andra ( singer ) originates from the blues genre .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burnes .
jonathan mendelsohn and mark sixma are associated band members of andrew rayel .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white ( alternative rock ) is a musician who originated from the new wave .
banjo is an instrument used in the country music genre of country music .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label called polydor records .
the escape velocity of the vk8 is 6603633000 . 0 kilometres per second .
the minimum temperature of 410777 2009 fd is 211 . 0 kelvins and is 259776702 . 47055 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of 410777 2009 fd was spacewatch .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 0 . 0999 km / s .
the orbital period of 66391 ( 1999 kb4 ) is 16244700 . 0 .
( 66391 ) 1999 kb4 , which has a rotation period of 9953 . 28 , is from 2004 - 07 - 14 .
101 helena was the discoverer of james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
the average speed of 1036 ganymed is 16 . 86 ( kilometres ) and its apoapsis is 611961000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed was walter baade who was born in the german empire .
the discoverer of 1036 ganymed was walter baade from germany .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
the periapsis of 1097 vica is 279142000000 . 0 .
the temperature of 109 felicitas is 170 . 0 kelvins and is 523329000 . 0 ( kilometres ) long .
109 felicitas , which has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 , was published in 2006 .
109 felicitas , which was in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 , was in the rotation period of 47487 . 6 .
the temperature of 10 hygiea is 164 . 0 ( kelvins ) and its apoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 10 hygiea is a900 ga .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 kilogram and was released in 2006 .
110 lydia was launched in 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a rosa luna is 125800 . 0 long and was ordered on 2004 - 01 - 22 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which is located in germany .
aida cruises is operated by aida cruises .
aidaluna is 25 , 000 long and has a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aid astella was christened on march 16 , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works and is powered by a diesel - electric transmission .
the rocket stages of alv x - 1 are 2 .
amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin in 1974 .
amc matador was designed by richard a teague who was employed by chrysler .
ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) is 19 , 000 long and was made in argentina .
alfa romeo 164 is related to saab 9000 and was assembled in milan .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and was assembled in italy .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and was assembled in italy .
alvis speed 25 is manufactured by alvis car and engineering company which is located in coventry .
the transmission of alvis speed 25 is a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
alvis speed 25 , which has a transmission of single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , is powered by straight - six engine .
american motors is the successor to amc matador which was manufactured by american motors .
antares ( rocket ) was launched on 2014 - 01 - 09 at the mid atlantic regional spaceport .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina where ara veinticinco de mayo is from .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of ariane 5 .
airbus group is the parent company of ariane 5 .
the aston martin v8 is related to the mean of transportation and was assembled in the united kingdom .
aston martin v8 is the successor to aston martin v8 which was manufactured by aston martin .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage and is related to the aston martin dbs .
aston martin v8 is the successor to aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin .
the final flight of atlas ii was on march 16 , 1998 .
lockheed martin is the manufacturer of atlas ii which was launched at cape canaveral air force station .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi e - tron .
audi a1 is manufactured by audi and ducati .
audi a1 is manufactured by quattro gmbh .
douglas r oberhelman is the key person in aid aluna which is powered by a caterpillar inc .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in finland where the leader is juha sipila .
american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat .
the owner of mtu friedrichshafen is the rolls - royce holdings .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom . aston martin v8 was assembled there .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of fredericksburg .
ab klink is a member of the christian democratic party and was born in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is the successor to abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the barisan raayat jati sarawak party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in the niger state and worked as a chief of the defence staff ( nigeria ) .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian air force . atiku abubakar is vice president of the nigerian air force .
olusegun obasanjo is the successor to abdulsalami abubakar who is in the nigerian army . atiku abubakar is the vice president of the nigerian army .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia ( spain ) and worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is a member of the spanish socialist workers party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii . joseph stalin was the commander of the united states army .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens , united states and served as a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . the commander of the gulf war was george hw bush .
adam holloway was born in faversham and attended the magdalene college , cambridge .
adam koc was born in congress poland . leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
leon trotsky was the commander of the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war . adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as a minister for health in athens .
adonis georgiadis is party to new democracy ( greece ) which is a colour of blue . the prime minister is antonis samaras .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . the house of representatives is the office of agnes kant .
agnes kant is a dutch national who belongs to the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant was born in west germany and attended radboud university nijmegen . she was a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
albert b . white was born in 1856 - 09 - 22 and died in 1941 .
william m . o . dawson is the husband of agnes ward white who was born in marietta , ohio .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where albert jennings fountain was born . he died in the united states .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in staten island .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires , where alberto teisaire died .
alberto teisaire , who was born in mendoza , argentina , served as a rear admiral and was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and worked as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he is now the successor to albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives .
allan shivers , who served as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 ( port arthur ) , is the successor to wilfred r . cousins , jr .
alvah sabin was active in vermont , where the largest city is burlington and the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin was born in 1793 - 10 - 23 in the united states . the leader of whig party ( united states ) is henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont . the leader of the whig party in the united states is daniel webster .
abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war and the birth place of albert jennings fountain .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg , part of the american civil war . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach , born in tyrol , died in austria . the leader of austria is doris bures .
alfons gorbach died in styria in austria where the leader is doris bures .
aaron s daggett fought in the battle of salem church which was part of the american civil war .
ab klink was born in stellendam and is a national of the netherlands .
adam koc is a national of poland , where the language is polish and kashubians are an ethnic group .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 ( kilometre per second ) and it has a mass of 5 . 6 kg and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the discoverer of 410777 is spacewatch who found 410777 ' s 2009 fd which has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and a discoverer of 88234300000 . 0 .
the minimum temperature of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is - 71 . 0 degrees celsius and its maximum temperature is 500 . 0 degrees celsius .
the apoapsis of 66391 is 162164091 . 8388 ( kilometres ) and it has a density of 2 . 0 . it has a speed of 37 . 16 ( kilometre per second ) and a density of 2 . 0 .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and an epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " and its periapsis is 419113394 . 55312 ( kilometres ) .
101 helena , which has a mass of 3 . 0 kg and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 km per second , escaped with a speed of 0 . 0348 km per second .
walter baade was a student at the university of gottingen and the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin in 2011 .
103 hera was the discoverer of james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was launched on august 27 , 2011 and has an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
the escape velocity of 103 hera is 0 . 0482 km / s and the temperature is 170 . 0 kelvins . the temperature of 103 hera is 437170000 . 0 km / s .
n . r . pogson , born in nottingham , was the discoverer of 107 camilla .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd . it was launched on 1202 . 846 days on november 26 , 2005 .
1089 tama , which has an epoch of 2005 - 11 - 26 , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 ( kilometres ) and a periapis of 288749000000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
the former name of 1097 vica is " 1928 pc " and it is located in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas , which has a mass of 7 . 5 kg , was launched in the 139705000 . 0 orbital period from 2006 - 12 - 31 .
109 felicitas was launched in 2006 and has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 km .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 km / s and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . it has an average speed of 523951582 . 33968 km / s .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 and a apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 ( kilograms ) and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was published in 2006 and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and a apoapsis of 440756000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
aaron bertram , who is associated with kids imagine nation , is associated with the pop music genre of suburban legends .
aaron deer was created in indiana and came from the united states .
aaron deer was created in the united states and is a psychedelic .
aaron turner is associated with the black metal band twilight . he is also associated with grey machine .
aaron turner is associated with the drone music genre . he is a member of the band twilight and has greymachine as an associated band .
aaron turner is associated with twilight ( band ) and mamiffer . he is a musician associated with ambient music .
aaron turner is a black metal musician who plays the instrument of electric guitar .
black metal is a genre of death metal and aaron turner is a singer in that genre .
abradab was born in 1978 and is associated with the magik ( rapper ) and the kaliber 44 associated band .
abradab is from katowice and is associated with the katowice band . kaliber 44 is one of the musical artists associated with abradab .
ace wilder is a genre of hip hop music and is stylistically derived from disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the rock music genre and has the instrument of singing . he is also a member of the associated band of the nrbq band .
rock music is a genre of bhangra music which originated from the country of bhangra . alan frew is a rock musician .
albennie jones originated from the blues genre and is a jazz fusion fan .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and is a derivative of disco .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and bebi dol .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer associated with bebi dol and kornelije kovac .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the kovac sisters duo and is associated with k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and kristina kovac .
alex day is a genre of synthpop which originates from pop music and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is lead by the labour party . he died in sidcup .
boris johnson is the leader of london where alfred garth jones died .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she is a folk musician of ireland .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and folk music . she is a member of the associated band mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz musician who has a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is static caravan records and her genre is jazz . funk is a derivative of jazz .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a pop singer and solo singer .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he was a solo singer .
andrew white ( musician ) is from the new wave music genre nu metal . nu metal is a genre of alternative rock .
anders osborne is associated with the associated band of billy iuso and tab benoit . he is also associated with the associated musical artist of kirk joseph .
anders osborne ' s record label is rabadash records and he is a rock musician . bhangra is a genre of rock music .
puya ( singer ) is associated with andra ( singer ) which is a genre of dance - pop . andra ( singer ) is also associated with crbl .
marius moga is associated with the andreea balan and andra ( singer ) genres . andra ( singer ) is also associated with the genre of rhythm and blues .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco . she is also a solo singer .
andrew rayel is associated with jonathan mendelsohn and christian burnes . he is a trance music artist .
jonathan mendelsohn and bobina are the associated bands of andrew rayel , a trance music band .
andrew rayel is associated with the house music genre and has jwaydan moyine as an associated band . he also has christian burns as a musical artist .
marry banilow , kaiser chiefs and andrew white are associated with the band kaiser chiefs . they have a record label called universal records .
aaron bertram is associated with the genre of ska punk and is a member of the suburban legends .
albennie jones was born in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
the 1955 dodge coronet is known as the " dodge coronet " and has a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a rosa luna is a cruise ship that has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres and is ordered on 2004 - 01 - 22 .
a rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which is located in germany and is owned by costa crociere .
aid astella , christening on march 16 , 2013 , has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres long and was built by the american locomotive company in schenectady , new york .
alv x - 1 is from the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and where alv x - 1 is from .
the rocket stages of alv x - 1 are 2 and it has a total launch of 1 . 524 metres .
the body style of abarth 1000 gt coupe is coupe and it was produced in 1958 . the engine of abarth 1000 gt coupe is the straight four engine .
abarth 1000 gt coupe has a body style of two door coupe and a width of 1 . 55 .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and was assembled in italy . the capital city of italy is rome .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema and was assembled in italy where rome is the capital .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma and lancia thema , was assembled at arese .
alfa romeo 164 , which is related to fiat croma and saab 9000 , was assembled in milan .
the length of alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres and it was launched on may 31st , 1855 .
alhambra was a ship launched in 1855 - 05 - 31 and is now a wrecked ship .
the alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the engine is called " petrol " .
roy chapin jr . is the key person in the manufacture of amc matador which is owned by american motors .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which is comparable to delta ii .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
arianespace is the manufacturer of ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 in guiana .
aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is related to the aston martin dbs . it was assembled in newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 , which has a 5 . 3 litre engine , is related to the united kingdom ' s aston martin dbs .
atlas ii was launched at vandenberg air force base in the united states . it was launched at the cape caveral air force station .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the united states is lead by the president of the united states .
atlas ii was launched at spaceport florida launch complex 36 in the united states .
the audi a1 is powered by 1 . 2 litres and has a hatchback body style .
audi a1 , which is related to seat ibiza and volkswagen polo , is manufactured by audi . it is related to seat ibiza and volkswagen polo .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois and was founded in california .
caterpillar inc . is owned by aida cruises and is located in illinois .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and is located in genoa .
antares is similar to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 .
french guiana is the location of ela - 3 , the launch site of ariane 5 .
ela - 3 is located in kourou , french guiana and was the launch site of ariane 5 .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock in germany .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
aaron hunt played for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen before joining vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen ii and played for vfl wolfsburg . the manager of vfl wolfsburg is dieter hecking .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez , who plays for the central espanol youth club , is a member of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for the united petrotrin f . c . and is a member of the w connection f . c . club .
akeem ayers was drafted by the los angeles rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem ayers was drafted by st . louis rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al ordon club . he is a member of the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc . the ground of al kharaitiyat sc is located in al kharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the accrington stanley f . c . and plays for the club motherwell f . c .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and played for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and was drafted by florida panthers .
vladimir putin is the leader of russia where aleksandr chumakov was born .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is a member of the russian national football b team .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and is a member of the us lesquin club .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who have alessio romagnoli as their manager .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and has been coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . he played for anyang halla and is 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod b . c . and is a member of the euroleague .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf and alex tyus plays for the turkish basketball super league .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc tom tom tomsk .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc spartak moscow , is a member of the youth club fc anzhi makhachkala .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce and abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . the leader of moscow is sergey sobyanin .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is the manager of abner ( footballer ) .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is also the manager of c . d . fas .
francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis , which is part of greater st . louis . alex tyus was born in st . louis .
akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots , was a member of the tennessee titans . nashville is the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and plays for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who play in the 3 . liga . aaron hunt is a member of the club .
abel hernandez , who plays for hull city a . f . c . , is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the club penarol .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol and abel hernandez is a member of the penarol youth club .
abel hernandez , who plays for the u . s . citta di palermo , plays for the penarol youth club . the manager of u . s . citta di palermo is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island in 1986 . he weighed 94 . 8024 kg and was born in 1986 .
columbus blue jackets general manager don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins . adam mcquaid was drafted by the boston bruins .
akeem ayers , who was born in 1989 , was a former st . louis rams player who played for tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a former houston texans player .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons and played for the houston texans .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in alkharaitiyat sc . alkharaitiyat sc ' s ground is located in alkharaitiyat .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the iraq national under 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc , both of which are based in alkharaitiyat . the manager of alkharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 in crewe alexandra , scotland . he played for crewe alexandra f . c . and is 185 . 42 centimetres tall .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . he is 185cm tall .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is 185 centimetres tall . he played for fc spartak moscow and played for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv . he is 178cm tall .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and played for anyang halla . he is 1 . 9304 in height .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is inuktitut .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the ethnic group is the asian canadians .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is slavey .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny and aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov and valery petrakov are the owners of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 . the club ' s manager is valery petrakov and the club ' s chairman is aleksandr tukmanov .
akeem dent was a member of the atlanta falcons who played for houston texans who are located in houston , texas .
penarol play in the uruguayan primera division and are managed by steve bruce . abel hernandez was a player at hull city a . f . c . and played for them .
the orbital period of the 19255 ( vk8 ) is 8788850000 . 0 and its periapsis is 6603633000 . 0 and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 254989570 . 60815 km / s and its orbital period is 360 . 29 days .
the orbit of the 66063 ( 1998 ) ro1 is 360 . 29 days and it has an apoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 ( kilometres ) and an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
1000 piazzia , which was released in 2015 , has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0252 km per second .
the former name of 1001 gaussia is " 1923 oaa907 xc " and it was discovered on july 27th , 2015 . the discoverer was sergey belyavsky .
allan sandage graduated from the university of gottingen and walter baade was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and died in west germany . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin . he graduated from the university of michigan .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 103 hera .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he was the discoverer of 107 camilla , which has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai on march 1st , 2001 .
the former name of 1089 tama is a894 va ; a904 vd ; it was launched on 26 november 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
the escape velocity of 1089 tama is 0 . 0068 ( kilometre per second ) and its orbital period is 1202 . 846 days . it was released on november 26 , 2005 .
1097 vica is 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and weighs 9 . 8 ( kilograms ) and has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
109 felicitas , which was released in 2006 , has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 km and an escape velocity of 0 . 0473 km per second .
10 hygiea , formerly known as a900 ga , was launched on july 27 , 2015 and has a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the orbital period of 183309000 . 0 km / s .
the former name of 1101 clematis is " 1928 sj " and its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 .
the 1955 dodge , manufactured by dodge , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission . it has a 120 . 0 inch wheelbase .
chrysler newport is the manufacturer of desoto custom which is related to desoto firedome which is the successor to desoto custom which was manufactured by desoto .
aida cruises is located in rostock and is the operator of aida cruises which is the builder of aid astella which is operated by aida cruises .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres . it was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa cociere .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of the alco rs - 3 is a v12 engine .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was built in may 1950 - august 1956 .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york in the united states . it was the builder of alco rs - 3 , which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the montreal locomotive works built the alco rs - 3 , which was built in may 1950 - august 1956 . the engine of the alco rs - 3 is v12 powered .
alco rs - 3 , built in may 1950 , has a cylinder count of 12 and was built by montreal locomotive works . it was built in august 1956 and has a four - stroke engine .
amc matador , which has a body style of station wagon and amc v8 engine , is also known as american motors matador .
amc matador is a mid - sized car and has the amc straight - 6 engine . amc matador was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
marysville , ohio is the location of the assembly of acura tlx which has a layout of all - wheel drive and a honda k engine .
marysville auto plant is the location of the assembly of acura tlx , which has a v6 engine and a front - engine layout .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 and is in service .
aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) was built in helsinki , finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
arctech helsinki shipyard built aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) which has a beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is related to saab 9000 and has the same engine as alfa romeo 164 which is also related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is related to fiat croma and has a v6 engine . it was assembled in italy and has a fiat croma engine .
alhambra , which has a length of 63800 . 0 ( millimetres ) and a launch date of 1855 - 05 - 31 , is a wrecked ship .
alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor to alvis car and engineering company which was founded by rover .
alvis speed 25 is made by alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and is the successor to alvis car and engineering company which was founded by rover .
the amc matador is a successor to the american motors which was manufactured by american motors and is owned by roy d chapin , jr .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat and launched on january 25th 1969 . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a launch speed of 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which was launched in 1969 , has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on october 28 , 2014 and was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on april 21 , 2013 and was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the aston martin v8 is a successor to the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin . the capital city of the united kingdom is london .
the aston martin v8 is related to the aston martin dbs and is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine . it was assembled in the united kingdom .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin and has an engine of 5 . 3 litres .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was launched at vandenberg air force base on may 5 , 2002 . it was launched from cape canaveral air force base .
the audi a1 , which has a layout of front - engine , front - wheel drive , and has an engine of 1 . 2 litres , is made in audi brussels .
the audi a1 , which was founded by august horch and ducati , is manufactured by audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is owned by aida cruises . caterpillar inc . is powered by a caterpillar inc .
meyer werft and aida cruises are the operators of aid astella which was built by aida cruises and is located in genoa .
antares ( rocket ) is similar to delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station in the united states .
antares is similar to delta ii which was launched at vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 in the united states .
fiat croma is related to opel vectra and is a fiat croma related to opel vectra . alfa rome 164 is a fiat croma related to fiat croma .
fiat croma is related to opel vectra and is a fiat croma related to the opel vectra . alfa romeo 164 has a sedan body style .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat in the city of groton , connecticut . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m .
a rosa luna was built by neptun werft in the city of rostock in germany . the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
atlas ii comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
brian robertson is a member of the suburban legends and is associated with the band suburban legends . aaron bertram is a ska punk associated with the band kids imagine nation .
aaron deer , who was born in indianapolis , is a psychedelia fan . he was a solo singer .
aaron turner is associated with the genre of electroacoustic music and is a member of the band isis and the associated band sumac .
old man gloom is associated with aaron turner who is active in the genre of post - metal . he was active in the band twilight in 1995 .
aaron turner is associated with the genre of black metal and has played the instrument of the electric guitar . he is also associated with the genre of sumac band .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he was a solo singer .
the birth year of ace wilder was 1982 and he was born in stockholm . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 and is a solo singer . he is a songwriter .
ahmet ertegun is a non - performing personnel song from washington , d . c . and originates from the united states .
ahmet ertegun is a rock and roll band from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . the origin of the band is blues .
albennie jones , who was active in 1950 , was a member of the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a derivative of disco .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where the african americans are an ethnic group . he is a jazz fan .
aleksandra kovac is a pop singer born in belgrade in 1972 . she was a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer . she is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues .
chameleon circuit is an acoustic music band associated with the chameleon circuit . they have been active since 2006 and have been associated with charlie mcdonnell .
chameleon circuit ( band ) is associated with the electronic music genre and has been active for 2006 . alex day was active in the band from 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in 1872 and died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay where the leader is daniel martinez ( politician ) .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and has a record label rca records . he is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with bajik and has been active in folk music since 1963 . she has been active in folk music since 1963 .
alison o ' donnell , who is associated with head south weaving , is active in folk music . she was born in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz singer .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , fort campbell , in 1981 . he is a solo singer .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky , raised in dothan , al . he is a solo singer .
marry banilow is associated with the alternative rock genre nu metal . andrew white is a musician associated with the band marry banilow .
billy iuso and tab benoit are associated bands in the genre of rock music . anders osborne is a member of this band .
anders osborne ' s record label is shanachie records and he is the record label for blues . he is also the record label for blues .
andra ( singer ) was born in romania and has a background in singing . she is now a solo singer .
andra ( singer ) is a song from the genre of rhythm and blues and is a derivative of blues and disco . it is also a derivative of blues and disco .
andrew rayel , who is associated with jonathan mendelsohn , was active in the trance music genre from 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and christian burns are associated bands in the house music genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of this band .
marry banilow is one of the bands associated with andrew white who is active in the alternative rock genre . he was active in the band kaiser chiefs from 2003 .
marry banilow is one of the associated bands of andrew white who was active in 2003 . he has a record label called universal records and is associated with the band kaiser chiefs .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion and the leader of paraguay is juan afara . agustin barboza died in paraguay .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the wildweeds , a genre of country music . he is a member of the band banjo .
hip hop music is a style of music originating from the disco genre . hip hop is a derivative of hip hop and has the stylistic origin of disco . allen forrest is a funk fan .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england , where the labour party is the leader . manchester is part of greater manchester .
aaron turner is associated with house of low culture and is a post - metal musician . he is a member of the associated band , twilight ( band ) .
the black metal band twilight ( band ) is associated with the death metal genre of death metal . their instrument is the electric guitar . they also have an associated band called the electric guitar .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . one of the genres of blues is rhythm and blues .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and works for the ministry of health , welfare and sport ( netherlands ) . ab klink is affiliated to the association of mbas .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a party member of parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak . adenan satem is now the party of barisan raayat jati sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in japanese occupation of british borneo , is the successor to adenan satem , who was born in sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar was in the nigerian army and served as a vice president . mike akhigbe was the successor to oladipo diya and atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar , who served as vice president of the nigerian air force , was the successor to oladipo diya and al - amin daggash . mike akhigbe was the predecessor to al - amin daggash .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and is the successor to francisco franco who was the predecessor to juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia ( spain ) and was a member of the spanish socialist workers party . he served as minister of transport .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut . he is a us national and his spouse is casey ribicoff .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , graduated from the magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . he fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war . joseph stalin is the commander of the polish - soviet war .
adam koc , who fought in the polish - soviet war , died in new york city . joseph stalin was the commander of the polish - soviet war .
makis voridis is the vice - president of new democracy and adonis georgiadis was born in athens . adonis georgiadis was succeeded by makis voridis .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was appointed as the successor to makis voridis in the ministry of economy , development and tourism in greece .
adonis georgiadis , who was born in athens , was the successor to makis voridis and is now the member of the hellenic parliament .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by emile roemer . the country ' s currency is the euro .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands where the socialist party is a political party and the leader is mark rutte . agnes kant worked for house of representatives in the netherlands .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte and is led by emile roemer .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands . the leader of the socialist party ( netherlands ) is emile roemer . red is the colour of the party .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active from 1953 - 06 - 30 and died in 1979 .
airey neave , born in knightsbridge , london , was active in 1974 - 03 - 04 and was active in 1979 - 03 - 30 .
airey neave fought in world war ii and was part of the royal artillery . the commander of the royal artillery was chiang kai - shek .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia .
william m . o . dawson was the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and died in 1905 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york , where the french language is spoken . abraham lincoln was the commander of the american civil war .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states . he was born in the united states and died in the united states .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the justicialist party and alberto teisaire died in buenos aires , argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as a provisional president of the argentine senate . he is now the successor to isaac rojas .
governor alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina and served as the governor of north carolina . his successor is daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the u . s . army and fought in whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in connecticut , was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district .
alfred n . phillips , who was born in darien , connecticut , became the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was also the successor to albert e . austin .
allan shivers , who was born in lufkin , texas , became the governor of texas and became the successor to governor price daniel .
allan shivers , jr . was born in lufkin , texas and served as the governor of texas . he was succeeded by wilfred r . cousins jr .
alvah sabin ' s office is located in vermont ' s 3rd congressional district , where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party , which is led by daniel webster . the leader of vermont is burlington , vermont .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg , part of the american civil war . robert e . lee was the commander of the conflict .
alberto teisaire in office while president is juan peron who is a member of the labour party in argentina .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and served as president of the country ' s labour party . he was succeeded by juan peron .
meyer werft is the parent company of aida cruises which is located in germany . aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft .
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 metres and a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a cylinder count of 12 .
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a cylinder count of 12 .
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c . the country originates from the united states .
amc matador is a station wagon and has the amc v8 engine . it has the alternative name of " american motors matador " and is made in thames , new zealand .
alhambra is owned by p & o which is located in london and built by samuda brothers . the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m .
amc matador is the successor to american motors which was founded by roy chapin , jr . and is manufactured by american motors . it is the successor to chrysler and is owned by amc .
american submarine nr - 1 , which was launched on january 25th 1969 , has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 3 . 8 m .
antares ( rocket ) was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport in the united states . it is similar to the delta ii rocket which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport in the united states .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on july 13 , 2014 and has a final flight on july 28 , 2014 .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on october 28 , 2014 . it was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
ariane 5 was designed by airbus defence and space and was launched in guiana , on the launch site of guiana space centre . it was the final flight of ariane 5 , which was manufactured by airbus defence and space .
ela - 3 is operated by arianespace and is located in guiana space centre , which is the location of the launch site for ariane 5 .
the aston martin dbs is the successor to the aston martin v8 , which was manufactured by aston martin and is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine . the aston martin v8 is also the successor to the aston martin vantage , which is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine .
the aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is related to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom and the aston martin v8 is a descendant of the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin .
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litre engine , has a front - engine , front - wheel drive layout and a hatchback body style . it was assembled in brussels , belgium .
audi a1 was founded by august horch and is owned by ducati and lamborghini . audi is a subsidiary of audi e - tron and audi division is audi e - tron .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . is powered by caterpillar inc .
douglas r oberhelman is the owner of aida cruises which is located in rostock , united states . caterpillar inc . was the foundation stone of aida cruises .
caterpillar inc . is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois . it was founded in the united states by douglas r oberhelman .
the parent company of aid astella is carnival corporation and its parent company is carnival corporation . aid astella is located in genoa and its operator is aida cruises .
the builder of the icebreaker aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is arctech helsinki shipyard . finland is lead by juha sipila .
a rosa luna was built in rostock , germany , where the capital is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck . the country is lead by joachim gauck .
a rosa luna was built in rostock , germany , where the capital city is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle . berlin is the location of the city of rostock .
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the language is english and the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol , a youth club in the uruguayan segunda division league . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko and the leader of the soviet union national football team is valery petrakov .
oleh luzhny is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv and jean michel aulas is the manager of olympique lyonnais . the ground of olympique lyonnais is parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , who play in serie a . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . he is also the manager of u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is currently playing for a . c . milan , who have sinisa mihajlovic as their manager and sinisa mihajlovic as their chairman . alessio romagnoli also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini is the manager of central espanol . abel hernandez is a player at central espanol who plays for the uruguayan segunda division .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena and the chairman is sergey rodionov and the manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . fc spartak moscow play at fc amkar perm .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . the ground is owned by the chairman of fc spartak moscow who is also the chairman of fc terek grozny .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow youth club and plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow in the russian premier league . the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . the club ' s ground is palo seco and the chairman is gabor kubatov .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of the palo seco velodrome . he is also the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
the mass of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 5 . 6 kg and it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 km and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena which was discovered in 1868 - 08 - 15 .
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena .
walter baade , who was born in germany , graduated from the university of gottingen and became a doctoral student at the university of gottingen . he died in gottingen .
allan sandage , halton arp and walter baade were the discoverers of 1036 ganymed .
allan sandage is a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and walter baade was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin .
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who was a canadian . he died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla was discovered in 2006 by b zellner . it was found in orbit and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
the discoverer of 107 camilla was c . woods and the discoverer was 107 camilla which was launched on december 31st , 2006 and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was discovered in 2006 by f . vilas . it was discovered in a period of 2368 . 05 days and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 km and a apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england and was a discoverer of 107 camilla . he died in chennai .
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb . it was released in 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the escape velocity is 0 . 0068 km per second .
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the orbital period is 183309000 . 0 km / s . the escape velocity is 520906000 . 0 km / s .
11264 claudiomaccone was launched on november 26 , 2005 and has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia on may 21st 1936 . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
adenan satem is the alma mater of the university of adelaide and abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul taib mahmud who is now residing in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak .
abdulsalami abubakar served as vice president of the nigerian navy from 1999 - 05 - 29 and mike atiku abubakar was his successor . oladipo diya and atiku abubakar were the military branches of the nigerian navy .
olusegun obasanjo and mike akhigbe are the successors to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office for 1999 - 05 - 29 and died in 1999 .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he served as the governor of connecticut and was a member of the democratic party .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he served as the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national who was married to casey ribicoff .
adam holloway was born in kent and served as a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was active in 2005 - 05 .
adam holloway was born in faverham , kent , england . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk . he served as a member of the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is the successor to makis voridis . he was in office for prime minister antonis samaras and konstantinos mitsotakis .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) and is the leader of the house of representatives ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the house of representatives is led by khadija arib . agnes kant is the office of the house of representatives .
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands .
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia in 1856 . he died in 1941 in parkersburg .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland .
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white as governor of west virginia on 03 / 04 / 1905 . he was born in cleveland and died in the office of the governor of west virginia .
william m . o . dawson is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and served as a republican party member in the united states . he died in 1905 .
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 . he served as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was appointed as the provisional president of the argentine senate . he was succeeded by isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria and died in styria . he was party to the austrian people ' s party .
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( graz ) and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party .
alvah sabin was active for 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in sycamore , illinois . the 3rd congressional district is located in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , and died in sycamore , illinois . alvah sabin was a member of the vermont 3rd congressional district .
the battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war , which was fought between the united states and native americans . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the american civil war was fought in the united states , where the commander was jefferson davis .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where the spanish language is spoken and where juan peron is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire is in office while president of argentina .
suburban legends is a punk rock band associated with kids imagine nation . brian robertson is a member of the band and aaron bertram is a member of the associated band , kids imagine nation .
aaron deer was born in the united states and is associated with the genre of indie rock . he is a solo singer and has a background in indiana .
aaron turner is an american who was born in the united states in 1995 . he is associated with the black metal band lotus eaters . he has been active in the united states since 1995 .
aaron turner is an associated band member of the sludge metal band lotus eaters . he was born in massachusetts in 1995 and has been active for the past 5 years .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12 , 1978 . kaliber 44 is one of the associated musical artists of abradab .
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he was a singing and a solo singer .
the birth year of ace wilder was 1982 and he was born in stockholm . he was a solo singer and songwriter .
hip hop music is a genre of hip hop music which originated from the genre of gangsta rap . hip hop music is stylistically derived from the genre of disco and is a derivative of the genre of drum and bass .
ace wilder was born in sweden and is a hip hop fan . he is a derivative of disco and has been influenced by drum and bass .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut in 1966 . he was a member of the band the wildweeds . he has been active since 1966 and has been associated with the band the wildweeds .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the bhangra genre of rock music . he is a member of the rock music genre and has a guitar instrument . bhangra originated from the country of bhangra .
alan frew was born in coatbridge , newmarket , ontario . he is a musician and has a background in solo singer .
aleksandra kovac , born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 , is a pop singer . she was a solo singer and has a background in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the kovac sisters duo and has been active since 1990 . she is a member of the kornelije kovac band and k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in 1872 and died in london . he was a national of the united kingdom .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . the leader of london is boris johnson .
alfred garth jones , who was born in manchester , was a leader of the european parliament and died in london .
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was active in folk music of ireland from 1963 . she has a record label that is floating world records .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan and is a derivative of jazz .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan who is influenced by folk music and afrobeat . her instrument is an autoharp .
alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan who is a blues fan . her instrument is a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer . he was born in fort campbell , alabama .
anders osborne is associated with the band billy iuso and has been active in the genre of rock music since 1989 . he is a member of the band galactic and has been associated with the voice of the wetlands all stars .
anders osborne is associated with the blues band , tab benoit and is active in the blues genre . he was active in the blues genre from 1989 .
andra ( born in campia turzii in 1986 ) is a singer , reality television judge and has a background in solo singer . she was born in campia turzii and is now living in campia turzii .
andra is a singer born in romania in 1986 . she was a solo singer and was born in romania . she sang in the genre of rhythm and blues .
armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi , and jwaydan are associated artists with andrew rayel .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he was a member of the associated band of christian burnes and armin van buuren . he has been active in trance music since 2009 .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he is an associated band member of jwaydan moyine and bobina . he has been active since 2009 .
jwaydan moyine and john digweed are associated musicians with andrew rayel , a genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of the associated band of jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
marry banilow and andrew white are associated with the band kaiser chiefs . they were active in 2003 and have a record label b - unique records .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell was the origin of the genre of hip hop music , it is a derivative of disco and hip hop .
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip hop fan . he is a funk fan and is a derivative of hip hop music . hip hop is a style of music that originated from the disco genre .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in the united kingdom . he was a leader of the parliament of the united kingdom and died in london .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label of b unique records and has performed in the nu metal genre . he also has a record label of polydor records which is located in london .
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label of polydor records which is located in london . nu metal is one of the genres of alternative rock . he also has a record label of universal records which is defunct .
al anderson ( nrbq band ) originates from the country of bhangra and has the instrument of a guitar . rock music is a genre from the country of bhangra and has the song bhangra .
rock music originates from the country of bhangra and is a genre of rock music . the bhangra is one of the genres of rock music and the banjo is one of the instruments used in it .
old man gloom is one of the bands associated with the genre of black metal . aaron turner is a musician who plays the instrument of electric guitar and is associated with the band twilight .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader and daniel martinez is a politician .
