1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette and the grantville gazette ii . (id1)
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , ithaca , new york . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett . (id2)
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the book was written in the english language . (id3)
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain . (id4)
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . (id5)
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id6)
the violet keystone , aenir , castle and above the veil were all novels in the country of australia . they were followed by into battle ( novel ) and above the veil ( novel ) . (id7)
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group are asian americans . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain . (id8)
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the language spoken is english . the country is also home to the asian americans . (id9)
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 : the galileo affair was written in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is asian americans . (id10)
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where the capital is washington d . c . and where the african americans are an ethnic group . (id11)
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is called the president and the ethnic group is asian americans . the language spoken in great britain is english . (id12)
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id13)
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the largest city in georgia . (id14)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english . (id15)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id16)
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english . (id17)
anderson , indiana is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density of anderson , indiana is 523 . 9 people per square kilometre . (id18)
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is led by california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is the language spoken in antioch , california . (id19)
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is also the area code of 404 . (id20)
attica , indiana is part of the united states and has a population density of 783 . 1 people per square kilometre . it is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana . (id21)
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . (id22)
the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 people per square kilometre and the area is 77 . 41 square kilometres . auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington . (id23)
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , which is the largest city in williamson county , texas , which is also the county seat . english is the language of austin , texas . (id24)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas is houston . (id25)
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . san marcos is the county seat . (id26)
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english . (id27)
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , which is part of tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston . (id28)
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth . (id29)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey . (id30)
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . american is an ethnic group in the united states . (id31)
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of oregon . (id32)
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is english and the americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana . (id33)
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama . (id34)
opelika , alabama is part of the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is also part of lee county , alabama , which is in alabama . (id35)
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the capital of trenton , new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id36)
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where english is the language spoken . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states . (id37)
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the language is english and the ethnic group is asian americans . (id38)
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio . (id39)
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id40)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property . (id41)
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland and to the northwest of frederick county , maryland . (id42)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade . (id43)
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan . (id44)
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ankara is the largest city in turkey . (id45)
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . (id46)
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . (id47)
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy . (id48)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id49)
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . (id50)
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi . (id51)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen . (id52)
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . brussels is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university . (id53)
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and alan tudyk in the us . duncan rouleau is an american . (id54)
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and michele marcolini is a member of the f . c . bari 1908 club . (id55)
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c . (id56)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where s . s . robur siena and a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella . (id57)
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the olympic stadium is located in marousi . (id58)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italian is the language spoken in italy . (id59)
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy . (id60)
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia but more specific to java . (id61)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese . (id62)
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays . (id63)
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays . (id64)
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group . (id65)
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage . (id66)
paul ryan is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states . (id67)
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and bacon muffin are all variations of the bacon sandwich . (id68)
manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . baked alaska is from the region of hong kong . (id69)
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon , a member of the genus rutaceae and a member of the order of rosids . (id70)
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader of france . (id71)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai . (id72)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of shumai . (id73)
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay . (id74)
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables . (id75)
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the indian people are the inhabitants . (id76)
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the indian people are the leaders and sumitra mahajan is the leader . (id77)
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins . (id78)
bionico is a dish from mexico where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . the dish is served as a dessert . (id79)
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico can be served as a dessert . (id80)
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader . (id81)
matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy . (id82)
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini . (id83)
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy . (id84)
ayam penyet is a dish from java , which is also found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken . (id85)
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore , where the javenese people are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english . (id86)
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the ethnic group is the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the country is philippine spanish . (id87)
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken . susana diaz is the leader of the andalusia region . (id88)
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . susana diaz is a spaniard . (id89)
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a test pilot and retired . (id90)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a member of the apollo 14 crew . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . (id91)
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 . (id92)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot . (id93)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot . (id94)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 . (id95)
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . (id96)
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . (id97)
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , died in california where senator dianne feinstein is a member of the california legislature . (id98)
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy . (id99)
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 . (id100)
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region , where the faroese language is spoken . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark . (id101)
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 14l / 32r . (id102)
agra airport is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and an icao location identifier of viag . it is operated by the indian air force . (id103)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 . (id104)
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 . (id105)
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . it has the lockheed ac - 130 and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . the united states air force has the transport aircraft , the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon . (id106)
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are the transport aircraft of the united states air force . (id107)
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the runway name is 08 / 26 and is 733 . 0 long . (id108)
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 . (id109)
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . it serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l . (id110)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level . (id111)
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id112)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . (id113)
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . (id114)
angola international airport is located at icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r . (id115)
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens . (id116)
alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens . (id117)
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian . (id118)
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the capital city is brussels . (id119)
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier is kacy . (id120)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york in the united states . the airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york in the united states . (id121)
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid in essex county , new york . it is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york . (id122)
agra airport is operated by the indian air force . it is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of the hal light combat helicopter . (id123)
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force . (id124)
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the language is arabic . (id125)
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . (id126)
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 . (id127)
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago , illinois . (id128)
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in denmark where marriott international was founded . (id129)
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in denmark , where the greenlandic language is spoken . the hotel is located in washington d . c . and was founded by bill marriott . (id130)
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in denmark is the marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language spoken there is greenlandic . (id131)
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor which is located in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny . (id132)
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of the addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres . (id133)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has a floor count of 3 . (id134)
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group . (id135)
robert a . m . stern is the architect of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business . (id136)
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . gujarat is lead by the legislative assembly . (id137)
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe . (id138)
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital city is sri jayawardenepura kotte . (id139)
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco and who designed the significant building of los angeles herald examiner and the significant building of asilomar state beach . (id140)
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . she was the architect of the asilomar state beach and the major building of the asilomar state beach is the riverside art museum . (id141)
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr . and the city is part of manhattan . (id142)
the leader of birmingham is john clancy ( labour politician ) who was born in birmingham . the city council is the governing body of birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b postcode area . (id143)
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . barack obama is the leader of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states . (id144)
meyer werft is the parent company of aida cruises which is located in germany . aida cruises is the operator of aid astella which was built by meyer werft . (id145)
aid astella is operated by aida cruises and has a ship beam of 32 . 2 metres and a top speed of 38 . 892 . (id146)
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a cylinder count of 12 . (id147)
the american locomotive company built the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres and a cylinder count of 12 . (id148)
the star spangled banner is the national anthem of the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c . the country originates from the united states . (id149)
amc matador is a station wagon and has the amc v8 engine . it has the alternative name of " american motors matador " and is made in thames , new zealand . (id150)
alhambra is owned by p & o which is located in london and built by samuda brothers . the ship beam of alhambra is 8 . 3 m . (id151)
amc matador is the successor to american motors which was founded by roy chapin , jr . and is manufactured by american motors . it is the successor to chrysler and is owned by amc . (id152)
american submarine nr - 1 , which was launched on january 25th 1969 , has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 3 . 8 m . (id153)
antares ( rocket ) was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport in the united states . it is similar to the delta ii rocket which was launched from the mid atlantic regional spaceport in the united states . (id154)
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on july 13 , 2014 and has a final flight on july 28 , 2014 . (id155)
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of antares ( rocket ) which was launched on october 28 , 2014 . it was launched at the mid atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . (id156)
ariane 5 was designed by airbus defence and space and was launched in guiana , on the launch site of guiana space centre . it was the final flight of ariane 5 , which was manufactured by airbus defence and space . (id157)
ela - 3 is operated by arianespace and is located in guiana space centre , which is the location of the launch site for ariane 5 . (id158)
the aston martin dbs is the successor to the aston martin v8 , which was manufactured by aston martin and is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine . the aston martin v8 is also the successor to the aston martin vantage , which is powered by a 5 . 3 litre engine . (id159)
the aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is related to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 . (id160)
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom and the aston martin v8 is a descendant of the aston martin virage which was manufactured by aston martin . (id161)
the audi a1 , which has a 1 . 2 litre engine , has a front - engine , front - wheel drive layout and a hatchback body style . it was assembled in brussels , belgium . (id162)
audi a1 was founded by august horch and is owned by ducati and lamborghini . audi is a subsidiary of audi e - tron and audi division is audi e - tron . (id163)
caterpillar inc . was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois . caterpillar inc . is powered by caterpillar inc . (id164)
douglas r oberhelman is the owner of aida cruises which is located in rostock , united states . caterpillar inc . was the foundation stone of aida cruises . (id165)
caterpillar inc . is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois . it was founded in the united states by douglas r oberhelman . (id166)
the parent company of aid astella is carnival corporation and its parent company is carnival corporation . aid astella is located in genoa and its operator is aida cruises . (id167)
the builder of the icebreaker aleksey chirikov ( icebreaker ) is arctech helsinki shipyard . finland is lead by juha sipila . (id168)
a rosa luna was built in rostock , germany , where the capital is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck . the country is lead by joachim gauck . (id169)
a rosa luna was built in rostock , germany , where the capital city is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle . berlin is the location of the city of rostock . (id170)
atlas ii originates from the united states , where the language is english and the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . (id171)
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol , a youth club in the uruguayan segunda division league . abel hernandez plays for penarol . (id172)
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko and the leader of the soviet union national football team is valery petrakov . (id173)
oleh luzhny is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv and jean michel aulas is the manager of olympique lyonnais . the ground of olympique lyonnais is parc olympique lyonnais . (id174)
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , who play in serie a . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . he is also the manager of u . c . sampdoria . (id175)
alessio romagnoli is currently playing for a . c . milan , who have sinisa mihajlovic as their manager and sinisa mihajlovic as their chairman . alessio romagnoli also plays for u . c . sampdoria . (id176)
u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini is the manager of central espanol . abel hernandez is a player at central espanol who plays for the uruguayan segunda division . (id177)
the ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena and the chairman is sergey rodionov and the manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . fc spartak moscow play at fc amkar perm . (id178)
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . the ground is owned by the chairman of fc spartak moscow who is also the chairman of fc terek grozny . (id179)
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow youth club and plays for fc dynamo moscow . (id180)
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow in the russian premier league . the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov . (id181)
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . the club ' s ground is palo seco and the chairman is gabor kubatov . (id182)
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of the palo seco velodrome . he is also the chairman of ferencvarosi tc . (id183)
the mass of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 5 . 6 kg and it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 km and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km . (id184)
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena which was discovered in 1868 - 08 - 15 . (id185)
james craig watson was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . he was the discoverer of 101 helena . (id186)
walter baade , who was born in germany , graduated from the university of gottingen and became a doctoral student at the university of gottingen . he died in gottingen . (id187)
allan sandage , halton arp and walter baade were the discoverers of 1036 ganymed . (id188)
allan sandage is a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and walter baade was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed . (id189)
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who was born in canada and died in madison , wisconsin . (id190)
the discoverer of 103 hera was james craig watson who was a canadian . he died in madison , wisconsin . (id191)
107 camilla was discovered in 2006 by b zellner . it was found in orbit and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . (id192)
the discoverer of 107 camilla was c . woods and the discoverer was 107 camilla which was launched on december 31st , 2006 and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres . (id193)
107 camilla was discovered in 2006 by f . vilas . it was discovered in a period of 2368 . 05 days and has a periapsis of 479343000 . 0 km and a apoapsis of 560937000 . 0 km . (id194)
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england and was a discoverer of 107 camilla . he died in chennai . (id195)
the former name of 1089 tama is a919 ha ; 1927 wb . it was released in 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days . the escape velocity is 0 . 0068 km per second . (id196)
the escape velocity of 1101 clematis is 0 . 02 km / s and the orbital period is 183309000 . 0 km / s . the escape velocity is 520906000 . 0 km / s . (id197)
11264 claudiomaccone was launched on november 26 , 2005 and has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days and a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins . (id198)
abdul taib mahmud was born in the asajaya region of malaysia on may 21st 1936 . he is a party member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . (id199)
adenan satem is the alma mater of the university of adelaide and abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul taib mahmud who is now residing in the demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . (id200)
abdulsalami abubakar served as vice president of the nigerian navy from 1999 - 05 - 29 and mike atiku abubakar was his successor . oladipo diya and atiku abubakar were the military branches of the nigerian navy . (id201)
olusegun obasanjo and mike akhigbe are the successors to abdulsalami abubakar who was in office for 1999 - 05 - 29 and died in 1999 . (id202)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in the united states . he served as the governor of connecticut and was a member of the democratic party . (id203)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city . he served as the united states secretary of health , education , and welfare . (id204)
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . he was a us national who was married to casey ribicoff . (id205)
adam holloway was born in kent and served as a member of parliament for gravesham . he was a member of the grenadier guards and was active in 2005 - 05 . (id206)
adam holloway was born in faverham , kent , england . he was a member of the conservative party in the uk . he served as a member of the grenadier guards . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . (id207)
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and is the successor to makis voridis . he was in office for prime minister antonis samaras and konstantinos mitsotakis . (id208)
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) and is the leader of the house of representatives ( netherlands ) . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte . (id209)
agnes kant is a national of the netherlands , where the leader is mark rutte and the house of representatives is led by khadija arib . agnes kant is the office of the house of representatives . (id210)
emile roemer is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) which is led by mark rutte . agnes kant is a national of the netherlands . (id211)
albert b . white was born in parkersburg , west virginia in 1856 . he died in 1941 in parkersburg . (id212)
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland . (id213)
william m . o . dawson succeeded albert b . white as governor of west virginia on 03 / 04 / 1905 . he was born in cleveland and died in the office of the governor of west virginia . (id214)
william m . o . dawson is the successor to albert b . white who was born in cleveland and served as a republican party member in the united states . he died in 1905 . (id215)
horacio rodriguez larreta is the leader of the labour party ( argentina ) and is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire died in buenos aires . (id216)
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on may 20th , 1891 . he served as a provisional president of the argentine senate and was appointed as the provisional president of the argentine senate . he was succeeded by isaac rojas . (id217)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol , austria and died in styria . he was party to the austrian people ' s party . (id218)
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol ( graz ) and died in styria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party . (id219)
alvah sabin was active for 1857 - 03 - 03 and died in sycamore , illinois . the 3rd congressional district is located in vermont where the largest city is burlington , vermont . (id220)
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont , and died in sycamore , illinois . alvah sabin was a member of the vermont 3rd congressional district . (id221)
the battle of gettysburg is part of the american civil war , which was fought between the united states and native americans . the commander of the american civil war was jefferson davis . (id222)
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the american civil war was fought in the united states , where the commander was jefferson davis . (id223)
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina , where the spanish language is spoken and where juan peron is married to eva peron . alberto teisaire is in office while president of argentina . (id224)
suburban legends is a punk rock band associated with kids imagine nation . brian robertson is a member of the band and aaron bertram is a member of the associated band , kids imagine nation . (id225)
aaron deer was born in the united states and is associated with the genre of indie rock . he is a solo singer and has a background in indiana . (id226)
aaron turner is an american who was born in the united states in 1995 . he is associated with the black metal band lotus eaters . he has been active in the united states since 1995 . (id227)
aaron turner is an associated band member of the sludge metal band lotus eaters . he was born in massachusetts in 1995 and has been active for the past 5 years . (id228)
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12 , 1978 . kaliber 44 is one of the associated musical artists of abradab . (id229)
ace wilder was born in sweden on july 23 , 1982 . he was a singing and a solo singer . (id230)
the birth year of ace wilder was 1982 and he was born in stockholm . he was a solo singer and songwriter . (id231)
hip hop music is a genre of hip hop music which originated from the genre of gangsta rap . hip hop music is stylistically derived from the genre of disco and is a derivative of the genre of drum and bass . (id232)
ace wilder was born in sweden and is a hip hop fan . he is a derivative of disco and has been influenced by drum and bass . (id233)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) was born in windsor , connecticut in 1966 . he was a member of the band the wildweeds . he has been active since 1966 and has been associated with the band the wildweeds . (id234)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) is associated with the bhangra genre of rock music . he is a member of the rock music genre and has a guitar instrument . bhangra originated from the country of bhangra . (id235)
alan frew was born in coatbridge , newmarket , ontario . he is a musician and has a background in solo singer . (id236)
aleksandra kovac , born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 , is a pop singer . she was a solo singer and has a background in the genre of pop music . (id237)
aleksandra kovac is a member of the kovac sisters duo and has been active since 1990 . she is a member of the kornelije kovac band and k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) . (id238)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in 1872 and died in london . he was a national of the united kingdom . (id239)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . the leader of london is boris johnson . (id240)
alfred garth jones , who was born in manchester , was a leader of the european parliament and died in london . (id241)
alison o ' donnell is associated with flibbertigibbet and mellow candle . she was active in folk music of ireland from 1963 . she has a record label that is floating world records . (id242)
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is deram records which is located in london . alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan and is a derivative of jazz . (id243)
alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan who is influenced by folk music and afrobeat . her instrument is an autoharp . (id244)
alison o ' donnell is a jazz fan who is a blues fan . her instrument is a voice , bodhran , percussion , autoharp . (id245)
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer . he was born in fort campbell , alabama . (id246)
anders osborne is associated with the band billy iuso and has been active in the genre of rock music since 1989 . he is a member of the band galactic and has been associated with the voice of the wetlands all stars . (id247)
anders osborne is associated with the blues band , tab benoit and is active in the blues genre . he was active in the blues genre from 1989 . (id248)
andra ( born in campia turzii in 1986 ) is a singer , reality television judge and has a background in solo singer . she was born in campia turzii and is now living in campia turzii . (id249)
andra is a singer born in romania in 1986 . she was a solo singer and was born in romania . she sang in the genre of rhythm and blues . (id250)
armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi , and jwaydan are associated artists with andrew rayel . (id251)
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he was a member of the associated band of christian burnes and armin van buuren . he has been active in trance music since 2009 . (id252)
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he is an associated band member of jwaydan moyine and bobina . he has been active since 2009 . (id253)
jwaydan moyine and john digweed are associated musicians with andrew rayel , a genre of trance music . andrew rayel is a member of the associated band of jwaydan moyine and christian burns . (id254)
marry banilow and andrew white are associated with the band kaiser chiefs . they were active in 2003 and have a record label b - unique records . (id255)
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , fort campbell , fort campbell was the origin of the genre of hip hop music , it is a derivative of disco and hip hop . (id256)
allen forrest was born in 1981 and is a hip hop fan . he is a funk fan and is a derivative of hip hop music . hip hop is a style of music that originated from the disco genre . (id257)
alfred garth jones was born in manchester in the united kingdom . he was a leader of the parliament of the united kingdom and died in london . (id258)
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara . (id259)
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label of b unique records and has performed in the nu metal genre . he also has a record label of polydor records which is located in london . (id260)
andrew white ( musician ) has a record label of polydor records which is located in london . nu metal is one of the genres of alternative rock . he also has a record label of universal records which is defunct . (id261)
al anderson ( nrbq band ) originates from the country of bhangra and has the instrument of a guitar . rock music is a genre from the country of bhangra and has the song bhangra . (id262)
rock music originates from the country of bhangra and is a genre of rock music . the bhangra is one of the genres of rock music and the banjo is one of the instruments used in it . (id263)
old man gloom is one of the bands associated with the genre of black metal . aaron turner is a musician who plays the instrument of electric guitar and is associated with the band twilight . (id264)
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay where raul fernando sendic rodriguez is the leader and daniel martinez is a politician . (id265)
