abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport runway name is 18l / 36r .
the icao location identifier for afonso pena international airport is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
the runway length of al - taqaddum air base is 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
the runway length of ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is 518 . 0 .
the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport is utaa .
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is " 11 / 29 " .
the atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transit authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
the demonym of denmark is danes .
fallujah is in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language of iraq .
madrid is in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the region of new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carroll county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is " turk sehitleri aniti " .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue is a postmodern architecture style .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of the 320 south boston building is george winkler .
the building started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
the architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located at haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa ' s address is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house reference number in the national register of historic places is 88002539 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan .
asilomar conference grounds was designed by the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows .
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
the leader of ethiopia is called mulatu teshome .
the indian people are the inhabitants of india .
the los angeles herald - examiner is julia morgan ' s significant building .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the isbn number of 1634 : the ram rebellion is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
the aids journal is published in the united kingdom .
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is a print .
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
the academic discipline of the addiction journal is addiction .
english is the language of aenir .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is called mathematics .
castle is in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
farrar , straus and giroux ' s parent company is macmillan publishing .
a glastonbury romance is one of john cowper powys work .
soho press is located in the united states .
the book the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " .
afc blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is blackpool .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league ( greece ) .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in 2014 - 15 .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron , ohio is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron metro futbol club summit assault is " akron metro futbol club summit assault " .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is in umbria .
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for f . c . bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
kerala has to its northwest mahe .
mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is a united states national .
the backup pilot of apollo 8 was buzz aldrin .
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
benjamin urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bibbo bibbowski ' s full name is " bo bibbowski " .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for black pirate .
john buscema was awarded the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award for the award
peter laird is a united states national .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
the area code for albany , georgia is 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the mayor .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico house of representatives .
albuquerque , new mexico is led by the new mexico senate .
the total area of amarillo , texas is 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson , indiana is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
the elevation above the sea level in angola , indiana is 324 . 0 .
the area code for antioch , california is 925 .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california .
the population density of arlington , texas is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed .
the total area of atlantic city , new jersey is 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana has an elevation above sea level of 166 . 0 .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
spanish is spoken in california .
the largest city in dekalb county , georgia is dunwoody , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson , indiana is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is located in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located in the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
arros negre contains white rice .
arros negre is from the region of catalonia .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska comes from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding is served cold .
bandeja paisa is a colombian dish .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is from the region of indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji , bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico .
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken is a bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
the leader of jalisco is called aristoteles sandoval .
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is the language of new york .
shumai is from china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
sumatra is an ethnic group in malaysia .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located at the monocacy national battlefield in frederick , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the native name of the memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
african americans are an ethnic group in akron , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of oregon . salem is the capital of oregon .
the united states house of representatives is the leader of albuquerque , new mexico .
amarillo , texas is part of the united states .
anaheim , california is part of california where the united states house of representatives is the leader .
anaheim , california is part of orange county , california in the united states .
anderson , indiana is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california has an elevation above sea level of 13 . 0 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
the total area of arlington , texas is 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is part of texas , united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where atlantic city is located .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states . auburn , alabama is in the united states .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the italian language is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the leader is sergio mattarella .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the valencian community in spain .
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the club sandwich .
sausage is one of the main ingredients of bacon explosion .
bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso .
celery is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a colombian dish .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce .
beef kway teow is from singapore and contains palm sugar .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where beef kway teow is a food .
the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji comes from india where t . s . thakur is the leader .
binignit is a dish from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish from the philippines . banana is one of the main ingredients .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where bionico is a food .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the region of guadalajara .
bionico is a dessert that can be served as a cake .
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is a dish .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it has a runway length of 3500 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where the language is arabic .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae , a class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres above sea level .
the 1st runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 2014 . 0 .
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol is 3300 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport which has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero .
fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
a . c . chievo verona ' s manager is rolando maran who was born in italy .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 epsth , greece .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers f . c .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground of gubbio and has 5300 members .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is livorno and they play in the serie b league .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio .
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa who plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium in athens .
the ground of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is sportpark de toekomst which is the tenant of jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has a ground in gubbio , umbria .
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where a . s . gubbio 1910 is located .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
the book 1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce .
the eissn number for aip advances is 2158 .
j v jones is the author of a fortress of grey ice which is in print .
a fortress of grey ice has an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 and is 672 pages long .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
the oclc number of a long long way is 57392246 .
a long long way has 292 pages and the isbn number is 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
a long long way was published by viking press , whose parent company is penguin random house .
qiu xiaolong is the author of a loyal character dancer .
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg was founded by julius springer and is published by springer science + business media .
the novel alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , has the academic discipline of mathematics .
johns hopkins university press is the parent company of the american journal of mathematics .
1634 the ram rebellion is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the nickname of the 1 decembrie 1918 university is uab .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in the city of belgaum .
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b . m . reddy .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
the leader of kerala is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird who is a us national .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring scott adsit .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle .
the full name of ben urich is benjamin urich and he was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
marv wolfman and jerry ordway are the creators of bibbo bibbowski .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski and he was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born in 1932 - 03 - 15 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot and died .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he is now retired .
108 st . georges terrace , completed in 1988 , has 50 floors .
200 public square is located in the united states and has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena is hok sve .
the architect of 3arena is populous .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen .
the architect of adare manor , completed in 1862 , was george richard pain .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and is the architectural style of tudor revival architecture .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the architectural style is tudor revival .
the akita museum of art is located in japan where brazilians are an ethnic group .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and its floor count is 3 .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is a leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick which is part of munster .
dublin is part of the republic of ireland . 3arena is located in dublin .
alan bean , who was born in wheeler , texas , is retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . joe biden is the leader of the united states .
buzz aldrin was born in massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see was born in dallas , united states . he graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 and died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis . francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis .
elliot see died in st . louis , part of the kingdom of france .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion is written in english and is preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair .
alexander l . wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery which is headquartered in new york city . acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 0269 - 9370 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
aids ( journal ) has the issn number 1473 - 5571 and the academic discipline of hiv / aids .
stanford university is the alma mater of a . t . charlie johnson who is the editor of aip advances .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j v jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp is from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp has 388 pages and the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
above the veil is written in english and follows aenir which was followed by above the veil .
garth nix wrote aenir which was followed by above the veil .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
addiction ( journal ) has the issn number 1360 - 0443 and is an academic discipline .
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley - blackwell which publishes the addiction journal . the journal has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians , written in english , is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages and a oclc number of 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mccune founded the administrative science quarterly which was published by sage publications . the issn number is " 0001 - 8392 " .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is the president and the ethnic group is african americans .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens hartel who plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig .
massimo drago played for a . s . d . licata 1931 and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
the full name of a . c . lumezzane is associazione calcio lumezzane spa . they play in the lega pro / a league and have 4150 members .
the manager of a . d . isidro metapan is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for the alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s full name is " association football club blackpool " and has 1500 members .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who played for chesterfield f . c . and runcorn f . c . halton .
the manager of a . f . c . fylde is dave challinor who plays for stockport county f . c . and colwyn bay f . c .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is " livorno calcio s . p . a . " and it has 19238 members . it is located in livorno , italy .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in the serie b league . carpi f . c . 1909 are the champions of the league .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who plays for chelsea f . c . and real madrid cf .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece which has olympiacos f . c . as its champions .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam which is the location of afc ajax ( amateurs ) .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who played for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil .
the manager of a . s . roma is luciano spalletti who plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago played for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago plays for the a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 club and is the manager of a . c . cesena .
massimo drago plays for the u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
the architect of 103 colmore row is john madin who was born in birmingham .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio . the leader of cleveland is frank g jackson .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , part of dupage county , illinois . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
the architect of the 320 south boston building in the united states was george winkler .
the architect of 3arena , completed in december 2008 , is hok sve .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 . the architectural style of adisham hall is tudor and jacabian .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
mason school of business is located in the united states and alan b . miller hall was started on 30 march 2007 .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . her significant building is the riverside art museum .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in california and was the architect of chinatown san francisco .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . , pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on the 27th of february 1987 .
the asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980 - 04 - 23 .
john madin designed 103 colmore row which is located in birmingham , uk .
the architect of 103 colmore row was john madin who was born in birmingham .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country ' s leader is hailemariam desalegn .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat . the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel .
marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in bethesda , maryland . bill marriott is the key person at the hotel .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and is led by the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s .
the capital of alpharetta , georgia is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
anaheim , california ( 657 , 714 ) has a population of 131 . 6 people and has the utc offset of - 7 .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in angola , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is lead by the united states house of representatives .
fort worth , texas is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . the county seat is fort worth , texas .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) and the area total is 347 . 1 ( square kilometres ) .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the largest city in new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey . the largest city in atlantic county , new jersey is new york city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where auburn is located .
the capital of washington , which is part of the state of washington , is olympia , washington .
the capital of georgia ( u . s . state ) is atlanta and albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the largest city in the county is anderson , indiana .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey , united states . trenton is the capital of new jersey .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where attica , indiana is located .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states and the county of attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english . akron , ohio is located in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is in the united states .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . the country is the location of angola , indiana .
aarhus lufthavn a / s is the operating organisation for aarhus airport which has a runway length of 2776 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york and serves saranac lake , new york . its runway length is 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , part of the community of madrid .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle is one of the aircraft of the usaf .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the aircraft fighter is the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae and has a length of 877 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which is headquartered in the jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway name of 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , the capital of which is austin , texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the demonym of texas is tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which is headquartered at four world trade center .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the runway length is 3048 .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain . the people ' s party ( spain ) is the political party in that country .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . carroll county , maryland is the location of the monument .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city is baku and the native name is turk sehitleri aniti .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by artur rasizade .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato which belongs to the division of flowering plants .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of rome .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which contains lettuce and contains the club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the leader is barack obama and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt , which includes bread .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the region of new york .
baked alaska comes from france where the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert found in the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which contains ground almonds , jam , butter and eggs .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes are found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from the region of singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert dish .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore , where the leader is tony tan and the language is english .
amatriciana sauce contains tomato which belongs to the order solanales .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india , has an academic staff of 250 .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , which is led by kochi .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by rene goscinny and albert uderzo .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc from 1986 - 04 - 15 .
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 ( film ) starring scott adsit .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars scott adsit and features baymax .
big hero 6 ( film ) stars ryan potter and was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures .
blockbuster ( comics character ) was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row , completed in 1973 , is located in birmingham and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa where the ethnic group is asian south africans and the capital is cape town .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle , completed in 2009 , has a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres and 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment and is located in dublin , leinster .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen . the hotel has 23 floors and is designed by 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , which is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the ethnic group is filipinos .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan , where the vietnamese people are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan , where brazilians are an ethnic group .
alan b . miller hall , located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia , was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where narendra modi and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places in 1987 - 02 - 27 .
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places in 1980 - 04 - 23 . it is located at avenue a in manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of brooklyn . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is gale brewer .
the leader of birmingham is andrew mitchell who was born in birmingham and designed 103 colmore row .
103 colmore row was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham . the leader of birmingham is the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where the leader is anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india , where t . s . thakur and narendra modi are leaders .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital city is london and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is the language spoken . joe biden is the president of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in the united states in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , which is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital city of which is baku .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is made of bronze .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the president of turkey is the leader .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) in the u . s . where english is the language and native americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of albuquerque , new mexico is 1142 . 3 people per square kilometre . the area of land in the city is 486 . 2 square kilometres and the area of land in the city is 490 . 9 square kilometres .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is located in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the county seat .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is african americans .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin , texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . spanish is the language spoken in california .
anderson , indiana is part of adams , fall creek , lafayette , richland , union . it is 268 metres above sea level and has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states . the area is 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california , which has a population of 102372 , has the utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey , which has a population density of 1421 . 2 people per square kilometre , is lead by the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , king county , washington , united states . the capital of washington d . c . is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of king county , washington is washington dc .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas which is the county seat and san marcos is the largest city in texas . houston is the largest city in texas .
anaheim , california is part of california which is led by the california state assembly and is the location of the california state capitol . chinese is the language spoken in california .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states . atlanta is the county seat of alpharetta , georgia .
anderson , indiana is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
the language spoken in texas is english and the largest city in texas is houston .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states where the african americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of the united states where the capital is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the country is the location of albuquerque , new mexico .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate led by john sanchez . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group . albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is the language spoken . albany , georgia is part of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
the english language is spoken in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans . one of the ethnic groups in angola , indiana is the pleasant township , steuben county , indiana .
jens hartel is the manager of fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and fsv zwickau .
the manager of a . c . chievo verona is rolando maran who was born in italy and played for carrarese calcio .
a . c . lumezzane ' s manager is michele marcolini who was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e . dimitra efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and has a ground in efxeinoupoli .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in stockport county f . c . and are led by the conservative party of the uk .
the manager of a . f . c . blackpool is stuart parker who plays for stockport county f . c .
the full name of a . f . c . fylde is " association football club fylde " and they play in warton , fylde , lancashire . they have 3180 members .
afc fylde ' s full name is association football club fylde and they played in the 2014 season . they have 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f . c . and maccabi tel aviv f . c . he also plays for inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and played in the superleague greece in 2014 .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) have their ground at sportpark de toekomst which is owned by afc ajax n . v . and has jong ajax tenants .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members .
the manager of az alkmaar is john van den brom who plays for vitesse arnhem and the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league which is located in alagoas . they are the champions of vila nova futebol clube .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca , brazil . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr and is the manager of fc admira wacker modling . he also plays for sk vorwarts wien .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas . it is 546 metres above sea level and has a runway named 17l / 35r .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid , new york . it is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and has the iata location identifier " agr " and the icao location identifier " viag " .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and is located in al anbar province , iraq . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it has a length of 3 , 990 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation of al asad airbase , which is operated by the united states air force . the lockheed ac - 130 and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle are the aircraft of the us air force .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it has a runway length of 2900 .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 09 / 27 / buitenveldertbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol is 18l / 36r aalsmeerbaan and is 3 . 3528 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the airport is located in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the capital is austin , texas . tejano is a demonym in texas .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where english is spoken . the capital city is austin , texas .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and its owner is the flemish region . the airport has a runway length of 600 . 0 and is 12 metres above sea level .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which is headquartered in turkmenistan . the airport is the hub of turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located at 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority led by stephen dilts . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken . charles michel is the leader of belgium .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium , where the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake in essex county , new york , united states . the airport is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the kurdish languages are spoken . the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country ' s leader is haider al - abadi and kurdish languages are spoken there .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon and belongs to the order of commelinids .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc which is located in the city of broadcasting house and is owned by rona fairhead .
bananaman was created by steve bright and aired in 1983 - 10 - 03 . it starred jill shilling .
baymax was created by american duncan rouleau and starred in the film big hero 6 .
ernie colon is a puerto rican national who created the comic character , bolt . he is the creator of the comic character , larry bolatinsky .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california . it was preceded by demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al , has 512 pages and an isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
aids ( journal ) is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom . elizabeth ii is the leader of the country .
a fortress of grey ice , written by j . v . jones , has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the ethnic group is asian americans and the language is english .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , has 560 pages and an isbn number of 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica , abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . , has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and an isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , which is spoken in great britain . one of the ethnic groups in the united states is the african americans .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the english language is spoken and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group is asian americans .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is barack obama . the language spoken in great britain is english .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the language is english . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the crew of apollo 8 . frank borman was a crew member of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology , sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was awarded 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 8 .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the city of kuttikkattoor , india . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . it is located in mumbai and offers tennis .
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , part of alba county . bucharest is the capital of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala , is led by kochi and has 250 academic staff .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the capital is bucharest and the anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania , where the capital city is bucharest . the leader of romania is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese , olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where the spaniards are one of the ethnic groups and the leader is the parliament of catalonia .
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra , malaysia , where the malaysian malay and the batak are ethnic groups .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra , where the ethnic group of malays is one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
john roberts is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group and the bacon explosion originates from the united states .
the bacon sandwich is a variation of the blt ( club sandwich ) which is a variation of the bacon sandwich .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin , ketchup or brown sauce are the main ingredients of a bacon sandwich .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding . it comes from paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding is one of the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from the region of hong kong in france , united states or china .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which is from the united states .
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding which comes from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire .
tapioca , ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients of bakso which is popular in indonesia , also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia , where ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables , fried shallots are the main ingredients .
kidney beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of bandeja paisa .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain ( patacones ) , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding ( morcilla ) , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken . the leader of france is francois hollande and the leader of france is gerard larcher .
batagor is a variation of siomay , shumai and shiitake . batagor comes from indonesia .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef . the dish is found in la paz , iloilo city .
the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp , beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
halimah yacob is the leader of singapore where standard chinese is spoken . beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
beef kway teow is a dish from the region of singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . bhajji is also known as bhaji , bajji . vegetables are an ingredient in it .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a flowering plant from the order solanales . sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
bionico originates from the jalisco region of mexico and contains granola .
bionico is a food found in guadalajara , mexico . chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert dish .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where tapioca is an ingredient in bakso .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , where the baduy are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the ethnic group is the ilocano people and the language is philippine spanish .
the zamboangans are an ethnic group in the philippines where arabic is the language . batchoy is a dish from the country .
binignit is a dessert that can be found in the philippines , where the language is philippine english .
sandesh ( confectionery ) is a dish from the philippines where the language is philippine english and binignit is a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by the grantville gazette and the grantville gazette ii .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university , ithaca , new york . it is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . the president of cornell university is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group . the book was written in the english language .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the violet keystone , aenir , castle and above the veil were all novels in the country of australia . they were followed by into battle ( novel ) and above the veil ( novel ) .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the leader is barack obama and the ethnic group are asian americans . the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where the leader is barack obama and the language spoken is english . the country is also home to the asian americans .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair and 1634 : the galileo affair was written in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and the ethnic group is asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states , where barack obama is the leader and where the capital is washington d . c . and where the african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where the leader is called the president and the ethnic group is asian americans . the language spoken in great britain is english .
albany , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and the leader of the united states is the president of the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alpharetta , georgia is part of georgia ( u . s . state ) and is the largest city in fulton county , georgia . atlanta is the largest city in georgia .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas which is in the united states . the capital city is washington d . c . and the language is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of the fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . the population density of anderson , indiana is 523 . 9 people per square kilometre .
antioch , california is part of contra costa county , california which is led by california ' s 11th state assembly district . english is the language spoken in antioch , california .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . it is also the area code of 404 .
attica , indiana is part of the united states and has a population density of 783 . 1 people per square kilometre . it is located in logan township , fountain county , indiana .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama , alabama , united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
the population density of auburn , washington is 914 . 8 people per square kilometre and the area is 77 . 41 square kilometres . auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington .
austin , texas is part of williamson county , texas , which is the largest city in williamson county , texas , which is also the county seat . english is the language of austin , texas .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is the county seat of san marcos , texas . the largest city in texas is houston .
austin , texas is part of hays county , texas , which is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and the largest city is houston . san marcos is the county seat .
alexandria , indiana is part of madison county , indiana in the united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , which is part of tarrant county , texas , where spanish is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
fort worth , texas is the largest city in tarrant county , texas , united states . the capital is austin , texas and the largest city is fort worth .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
albany , oregon is part of linn county , oregon in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . american is an ethnic group in the united states .
the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . albany , oregon is part of oregon .
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the language is english and the americans are an ethnic group . angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where washington d . c . is the capital . auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama .
opelika , alabama is part of the united states , where the native americans are an ethnic group . auburn , alabama is also part of lee county , alabama , which is in alabama .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey and is the capital of trenton , new jersey . newark is the largest city in new jersey . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
president barack obama is the leader of the united states where english is the language spoken . the city of albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states where the language is english and the ethnic group is asian americans .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president of the united states . the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property and is located in adams county , pennsylvania . it is located to the southeast of carroll county , maryland and to the northwest of frederick county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . the capital city is baku and the legislature is the national assembly . artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ankara is the largest city in turkey .
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor , kerala , india . it was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and its campus is in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students . the president of the institute is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala in india , where the largest city is mumbai and the leader is kochi .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . brussels is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university .
baymax was created by steven t . seagle and alan tudyk in the us . duncan rouleau is an american .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader and michele marcolini is a member of the f . c . bari 1908 club .
stuart parker is the manager of a . f . c . blackpool who play in chesterfield f . c . and stockport county f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where s . s . robur siena and a . s . gubbio 1910 play in serie d . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella .
the manager of aek athens f . c . is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c . the olympic stadium is located in marousi .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where the leader is pietro grasso and the capital is rome . italian is the language spoken in italy .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where the currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian . arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia but more specific to java .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian chinese .
asam pedas is a dish from the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the region of sumatra , malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the ethnic group is malaysian malays .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula in malaysia , where the leader is abu zahar ujang and the malaysian indian is an ethnic group .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients of the dish are bacon and sausage .
paul ryan is the leader of the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , bacon muffin and bacon muffin are all variations of the bacon sandwich .
manuel valls and gerard larcher are leaders in france where the french language is spoken . baked alaska is from the region of hong kong .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon , a member of the genus rutaceae and a member of the order of rosids .
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leader is gerard larcher and francois hollande is the leader of france .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . batagor is a variation of siomay which contains peanut sauce and shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of siomay which is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader and shiitake is an ingredient . batagor is a variation of shumai and siomay .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji comes from the karnataka region of india , where the leader is t . s . thakur and the indian people are the inhabitants .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where the indian people are the leaders and sumitra mahajan is the leader .
bionico is a dessert found in guadalajara , mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dish from mexico where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is enrique pena nieto . the dish is served as a dessert .
bionico is a dish from the jalisco region of mexico , where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . bionico can be served as a dessert .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain , where carles puigdemont is the leader and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leader is sergio mattarella and the leader is laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . amatriciana sauce is from italy .
ayam penyet is a dish from java , which is also found in malaysia and singapore . the main ingredients of the dish are chicken and fried chicken .
ayam penyet comes from the region of singapore , where the javenese people are an ethnic group . the leader of singapore is tony tan and the language spoken is english .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where the language is arabic and the ethnic group is the zamboangans . one of the languages spoken in the country is philippine spanish .
ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain , where spanish is spoken . susana diaz is the leader of the andalusia region .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where the leader is felipe vi of spain . susana diaz is a spaniard .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a test pilot and retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and was a member of the apollo 14 crew . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . frank borman was the commander of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was a fighter pilot .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 .
alan shepard , who was a crew member of apollo 14 , died in california where senator dianne feinstein is a member of the california legislature .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st 1969 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region , where the faroese language is spoken . margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and has a runway named 14l / 32r .
agra airport is located in india and has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and an icao location identifier of viag . it is operated by the indian air force .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and a runway name of 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase , operated by the united states air force , is located in al anbar province , iraq . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase . it has the lockheed ac - 130 and the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii . the united states air force has the transport aircraft , the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force . the united states air force fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the lockheed ac - 130 and lockheed c - 130 hercules are the transport aircraft of the united states air force .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the runway name is 08 / 26 and is 733 . 0 long .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18l / 36r and it has a length of 3310 .
the allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan . it serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport serves the city of alpena , michigan and is 210 metres above sea level .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves alpena , michigan . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located at icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05l / 23r .
alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos are leaders in greece where the greek language is spoken . athens international airport serves the city of athens .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city , new jersey . the airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leader is charles michel and the capital city is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake , new york in the united states . the airport serves the city of harrietstown , new york in the united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid in essex county , new york . it is located in the city of saranac lake , which is part of harrietstown , new york .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force . it is located in uttar pradesh , which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . it is the location of the hal light combat helicopter .
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport which is operated by the indian air force .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq where the leader is haider al - abadi and the language is arabic .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres and a floor count of 12 .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago , illinois .
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken . the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is located in denmark where marriott international was founded .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in denmark , where the greenlandic language is spoken . the hotel is located in washington d . c . and was founded by bill marriott .
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in denmark is the marriott international which was founded in washington dc . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the language spoken there is greenlandic .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , was the architect of adare manor which is located in the republic of ireland . the leader of the republic of ireland is enda kenny .
the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of the addis ababa city hall which is 42 m high and has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan and has a floor count of 3 .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita , akita prefecture , japan , where the leader is taro aso and the chinese people are an ethnic group .
robert a . m . stern is the architect of the alan b . miller hall which is located in virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . the current tenants are the mason school of business .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india , where the leader is sumitra mahajan . gujarat is lead by the legislative assembly .
ampara hospital is located in the ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern province , sri lanka , where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte . the capital city is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco and who designed the significant building of los angeles herald examiner and the significant building of asilomar state beach .
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan who was born in san francisco . she was the architect of the asilomar state beach and the major building of the asilomar state beach is the riverside art museum .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . the leader of new york city is cyrus vance jr . and the city is part of manhattan .
the leader of birmingham is john clancy ( labour politician ) who was born in birmingham . the city council is the governing body of birmingham . the postal code of birmingham is b postcode area .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . barack obama is the leader of the united states . john roberts is the leader of the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property . it is located in adams county , pennsylvania , west of franklin county , maryland , and south of cumberland county , pennsylvania .
the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs memorial is made of red granite and white marble . it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is made of red granite and white marble and is located in azerbaijan . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on the 15th of march 1932 . he was a test pilot and retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean was born in new york and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa . alan bean retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and was a member of the apollo 11 crew . he was a fighter pilot and was a backup pilot to william anders .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he served as a crew member of apollo 11 .
the distinguished service medal ( united states navy ) is higher than the department of commerce gold medal and alan shepard died in california where the smilodon fossil was found .
william anders was born in british hong kong and graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st 1969 . buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit with a m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 , which was operated by nasa . the backup pilot was buzz aldrin and the crew included frank borman .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . the president is b . m . reddy .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association in brussels . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and the church of denmark is the religion of denmark .
thomas pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus , denmark . the school of business and social sciences is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels .
the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in the state of kerala in india . the leader of india is kochi and the largest city is mumbai .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , where the leader is klaus iohannis and the capital city is bucharest . the anthem of romania is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16000 students . the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul and the currency is the turkish lira . the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is made of bronze .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on july 27 , 1932 . the capital city of turkey is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . ankara is the largest city in turkey and the ataturk monument is located in istanbul .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . the federal chancellor of switzerland is the leader .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore , karnataka , india . the institute was established in 2000 and its motto is " nurturing excellence " . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology is located in telangana , karnataka , karnataka , india . it was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai , karnataka , karnataka , india . it is located to the west of telangana and the arabian sea .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the capital city is bucharest and the country ' s leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association and was established in 1928 . the dean is thomas pallesen and the academic staff size is 737 .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels . the country ' s leader is the magistrate lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association . the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen and the number of students is 16 , 000 .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15 , 1932 . he graduated from ut austin with a b . s . in 1955 . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 . he was selected by nasa in 1959 and died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and became a fighter pilot . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of the apollo 11 mission .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a sc . d . and was a crew member on apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20th , 1930 . he was a member of the apollo 11 crew and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc . d in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa and was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
william anders was born on october 17 , 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1 , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . he retired on september 1st 1969 . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member .
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933 in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of apollo 8 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and retired on september 1st 1969 .
