silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a . c . milan .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner ( footballer ) was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent was a former atlanta falcons player .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies .
al hor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
the manager of al - zawra ' a sc is basim qasim .
al kharaitiyat sc is in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin played for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scottish national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . is 1 . 905 tall .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli was a youth club at a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus played in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta is the city of atlanta .
don sweeney is the general manager of boston bruins .
budapest is in hungary .
english is the language of canada .
the language of canada is the slavey language .
columbus blue jackets are located in columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
gabor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
finnish is spoken in finland .
daniele zoratto is the coach of the italy national under 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the coach of maccabi ashdod b . c .
motherwell fc ' s ground is fir park .
jean michel aulas is the owner of olympique lyonnais .
st . louis rams play in st . louis .
nashville , tennessee is the city of tennessee titans .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of penarol . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
abel hernandez plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and is a member of the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin fc and al shorta sc .
akeem adams is a member of ferencvarosi tc who are managed by thomas doll .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem ayers was drafted by the new england patriots and played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was a former tennessee titans player .
akeem dent was born on september 27 , 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and is affiliated with the club of sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and plays for sheikh russel kc .
the ground of al - khor sports club is located in al - khor and is owned by al - khor sports club .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the alkharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) plays for hamilton academical f . c . and their ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow and aleksandr chumakov plays for the club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar club .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the russian football national league and plays for fc tom tom .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born in 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus played for maccabi tel aviv in the turkish basketball super league .
conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon , manitoba .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada .
levan khomeriki is the manager of fc dinamo batumi and is the manager of fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc spartak moscow .
akeem priestley plays for rops in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . which has a ground at palo seco velodrome .
aaron hunt played for goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen before joining vfl wolfsburg .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen ii and played for vfl wolfsburg . the manager of vfl wolfsburg is dieter hecking .
abel hernandez is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez , who plays for the central espanol youth club , is a member of the u . s . citta di palermo youth club .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for the united petrotrin f . c . and is a member of the w connection f . c . club .
akeem ayers was drafted by the los angeles rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem ayers was drafted by st . louis rams in the 2nd round of the draft .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for the shabab al ordon club . he is a member of the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and plays for al kharaitiyat sc . the ground of al kharaitiyat sc is located in al kharaitiyat .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and clyde f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) is a member of the accrington stanley f . c . and plays for the club motherwell f . c .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and played for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov , jr . was born in tampere , finland and was drafted by florida panthers .
vladimir putin is the leader of russia where aleksandr chumakov was born .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is a member of the russian national football b team .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and plays at parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for the olympique lyonnais and is a member of the us lesquin club .
sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan who have alessio romagnoli as their manager .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and plays for u . c . sampdoria . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and has been coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba . he played for anyang halla and is 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla .
alex tyus played for maccabi ashdod b . c . and is a member of the euroleague .
maccabi ashdod b . c . coach is zvi sherf and alex tyus plays for the turkish basketball super league .
aleksandr prudnikov is a member of fc spartak moscow and plays for fc tom tom tomsk .
aleksandr prudnikov , who plays for fc spartak moscow , is a member of the youth club fc anzhi makhachkala .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 .
the manager of hull city a . f . c . is steve bruce and abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow and died in russia . the leader of moscow is sergey sobyanin .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is the manager of abner ( footballer ) .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla and is also the manager of c . d . fas .
francis g . slay is the leader of st . louis , which is part of greater st . louis . alex tyus was born in st . louis .
akeem ayers , who played for the new england patriots , was a member of the tennessee titans . nashville is the city of nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and plays for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii who play in the 3 . liga . aaron hunt is a member of the club .
abel hernandez , who plays for hull city a . f . c . , is a member of the central espanol youth club and plays for the club penarol .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol and abel hernandez is a member of the penarol youth club .
abel hernandez , who plays for the u . s . citta di palermo , plays for the penarol youth club . the manager of u . s . citta di palermo is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island in 1986 . he weighed 94 . 8024 kg and was born in 1986 .
columbus blue jackets general manager don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins . adam mcquaid was drafted by the boston bruins .
akeem ayers , who was born in 1989 , was a former st . louis rams player who played for tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a former houston texans player .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on september 27 , 1987 . he was a member of the atlanta falcons and played for the houston texans .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in alkharaitiyat sc . alkharaitiyat sc ' s ground is located in alkharaitiyat .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who play in the iraq national under 23 football team . al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al ordon club and al kharaitiyat sc , both of which are based in alkharaitiyat . the manager of alkharaitiyat sc is amar osim .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c .
alan martin ( footballer ) was born on january 1 , 1989 in crewe alexandra , scotland . he played for crewe alexandra f . c . and is 185 . 42 centimetres tall .
aleksandr prudnikov was born in 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow . he is 185cm tall .
the birth date of aleksandr prudnikov is 1989 - 02 - 24 and he is 185 centimetres tall . he played for fc spartak moscow and played for fc rubin kazan .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv . he is 178cm tall .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada . he played for the club anyang halla .
alex plante was born in 1989 in canada and played for anyang halla . he is 1 . 9304 in height .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is inuktitut .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the ethnic group is the asian canadians .
o canada is the national anthem of canada where the leader is elizabeth ii and the language is slavey .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny and aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr chumakov and valery petrakov are the owners of fc torpedo moscow who played in the russian premier league in 2014 - 15 . the club ' s manager is valery petrakov and the club ' s chairman is aleksandr tukmanov .
akeem dent was a member of the atlanta falcons who played for houston texans who are located in houston , texas .
penarol play in the uruguayan primera division and are managed by steve bruce . abel hernandez was a player at hull city a . f . c . and played for them .
jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol , a youth club in the uruguayan segunda division league . abel hernandez plays for penarol .
aleksandr chumakov died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko and the leader of the soviet union national football team is valery petrakov .
oleh luzhny is the chairman of fc karpaty lviv and jean michel aulas is the manager of olympique lyonnais . the ground of olympique lyonnais is parc olympique lyonnais .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan , who play in serie a . sinisa mihajlovic is the manager of a . c . milan . he is also the manager of u . c . sampdoria .
alessio romagnoli is currently playing for a . c . milan , who have sinisa mihajlovic as their manager and sinisa mihajlovic as their chairman . alessio romagnoli also plays for u . c . sampdoria .
u . s . citta di palermo manager giuseppe iachini is the manager of central espanol . abel hernandez is a player at central espanol who plays for the uruguayan segunda division .
the ground of fc spartak moscow is otkrytiye arena and the chairman is sergey rodionov and the manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev . fc spartak moscow play at fc amkar perm .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . the ground is owned by the chairman of fc spartak moscow who is also the chairman of fc terek grozny .
rashid rakhimov is the manager of fc terek grozny who play in grozny . aleksandr prudnikov is a member of the fc spartak moscow youth club and plays for fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for fc torpedo moscow in the russian premier league . the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of ferencvarosi tc . the club ' s ground is palo seco and the chairman is gabor kubatov .
akeem adams is a member of the united petrotrin f . c . and is the manager of the palo seco velodrome . he is also the chairman of ferencvarosi tc .
